This is the first HDTV we have purchased and it replaces a 20+ year-old 19&#34; Toshiba, so perhaps the bar was not too high.  But so far we are very pleased with the purchase from Amazon.  We bought it a few weeks ago and it was delivered promptly.  We shopped around some and found Amazon to be the most competitive on pricing.  (For reasons that still baffle me, the price of this unit seemed to fluctuate rapidly between $399 and $499, even on Amazon and within the same day.  We were fortunate to pay $399, but of course it is lower still now.)The TV was relatively easy to set up and get operating, including connecting it to our in-home wireless network.  This is even more gratifying because I am anything but a &#34;cable guy.&#34;The picture is very pleasing, especially when displaying real HD content.  It really makes a difference compared with a non-HD TV (I suppose this is probably self-evident, but it is still impressive).Some of the challenges we have encountered include selecting the proper screen size in the software/setting of the TV. This TV is better than UN40ES6100. It appears correct for some things and incorrect for others and it is not clear why for either.The reason the TV did not receive five stars has to do with the incredibly kludgy navigation within the TV.  Boy-O-boy has Apple spoiled us with user-friendly, intuitive, fast navigation.  This TV requires navigating with a large selection of letters and selecting each with the remote.  It feels very 1980s-ish (or before!).Also, Samsung's idea of &#34;apps&#34; leaves much to be desired and it remains to be seen whether this SMART TV is really smart at all.  The apps load slowly and it is unclear whether they do very much.  Samsung claims to have nearly 900 or so apps, but I am not sure any are very useful.We also connected an Apple TV to the set, which was pretty simple, and its navigation is far superior and faster than the SMART TV navigation.All in all, so far very happy with our first foray into HDTV land.