I bought this originally to just use as a monitor. Well, with the purchase of a $40 Trek antenna, I am using it for more then just that.This TV has an AWEsome  picture, It's so clear. If you look at the reviews, you can see the best way to set-up the picture quality for these TV's by Samsung. Some guy, who seems to know his stuff, gave step by step information on best picture quality,http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-UN40EH5300-40-Inch-1080p-120Hz/product-reviews/B0074FGR74/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints=1He should be the first review, He got these stats from another guy on Amazon, but I do not know his link.Some people say the sound is ho hum, I do not think it sounds bad at all, It's not a stereo system, it is a tv, If you want true stereo sound, just buy a Soundbar for it.As far as a Smart TV. It took forever to update, I was getting frustrated with it, Once done, I cooled off. hehe. As far as navigating is concerned, it is not much different then your smart phone or using your laptop I guess. I am not a tech nerd, so, I am not going to try to act like one. I will use the browser and type in what I want to see, other then use all the apps, I do not really care about the apps at all to tell you the truth.The only thing that puzzles me, and if you know how to do this. PLEASE let me know, When I use my wireless keyboard, the virtual keyboard keep showing up on screen, How do you disable this thing, I am sick of seeing it. And using this TV without a wireless keyboard will send you over the edge. Trust me, do not buy this UNLESS, you plan on buying the wireless. Using a remote and going letter by letter, number by number will drive you insane, and you'll send it back. )The TV. looks good, the picture quality is perfect. and for the price, well. honestly, I do not think your going to get much better.Just make sure you click below where it says,  ?New, ? Refurbished. because the price was much cheaper then shown above, at least for me. It was a $32 difference.If you choose free shipping, make sure you have a few weeks to get this tv. if not, then you will have to pay for shipping to get it sooner.