I hardly watch TV at all. Mostly the 5-o'clock news, and that's it. But I like to watch DVD movies that these days are mostly in wide-screen format and do not show up well on an old 27&#34; analog set. So I went looking for a 32&#34; LCD TV. After considering all the options and prices, combined with valuable reviews by users, I settled on this Samsung TV. I noticed that it referred to itself as being &#34;smart,&#34; but not knowing what that meant just wrote it off as marketing hype. After ordering the set I realized that it would be WiFi capable, and it intrigued me to realize that I was getting a built-in computer as well. Not that I needed that, but you never know...The set arrived promptly on the scheduled date. Setup was easy and after plugging in the power and connecting the cable it played just fine. The picture was maybe not as great as I had expected, but much better than my old set.Later that evening I set out to explore the new toy. I had already programmed the available channels (20-30 minutes) and started looking for the weather channel. It came back with an error message: scrambled channel. Huh? Most other channels did not work either.I called the WOW! Cable help people at 10 pm. I promptly got an assistant, but after trying all kinds of suggestions, nothing worked. Took 2 aspirins and called back in the morning. Same scenario, so I was scheduled for a visit by a technician. I was worried that the set had a bad tuner and would have to be returned, although Amazoin would have made that as easy as possible.The technician showed up on time and walked in the door with a plasticized card with cable numbers in his hand. He knew the problem before he arrived: changing from the old analog TV with a cable D/A converter to a direct cable connection resulted in different cable numbers! Problem solved. While he was there, the technician checked my connections and that was that.Now the picture quality was true digital HD and absolutely marvelous. Beyond my best expectations.So why the 4 stars? In short, because of the limited features of the remote control that make using the Internet features of the set a torture.After familiarizing myself with the set, I connected it to my old Netgear 802.11g type router. I had been using the older WEP security protocol - good enough for my purpose. Its problem is that it uses a long string of hexadecimal numbers, based on a pass phrase that the router understands, but none of the peripherals do, Entering all those letters and numbers from an on-screen keyboard, without errors, using the TV's remote control was torture. I finally got it to work. After touching the &#34;Smart&#34; button, a screen popped up with all sorts of Apps useful in the TV context, such as Netflix. Getting around on it with the minimal remote controls is painful. One helpful hint: you can connect a keyboard and mouse to USB ports that are hidden behind the right-hand rim of the screen, helpful with the Browser App.The set comes with the usual minimal printed manual, and refers you to the electronic e-manual for more instructions. It is helpful, if you can find what you need. It has an index that you access by pressing the 'D' function key on the remote. Than you can scroll through the alphabet and hope to find what you need. I finally downloaded the manual as a pdf from the support section of the Samsung Web site.In summary: great TV set, useful WiFi connectabiliy to download movies or so, but forget using the browser for email or such.