I have owned this T.V. for 24 hours now and I absolutely love it. However, I have one issue that I think EVERYONE needs to be aware of before buying this product:On the box and all over the marketing for this product it says '120 Clear Motion Rate'. I assumed that this meant the television was 120Hz. It is not. The refresh rate of this product is 60Hz. Samsung's stance is that there are three factors that go into the ability of a TV to display fast motion:1. the image processor2. the panel refresh rate (In Hz)3. The back-light technologySamsung factors all three of these together and brands this T.V. as 120 Clear Motion Rate. But again, this T.V. is 60Hz. I know it says in the amazon description that the T.V. is 120Hz, and I am absolutely sure I am reviewing the correct product. You will not get that ultra liquid smooth picture that you get from a true 120Hz T.V.However, I forgive Samsung for that bit of shady marketing because for a 60Hz T.V. this product is AMAZING. This TV is better than UN40ES6100. The picture is brilliant, colorful, sharp and on full brightness setting, I actually have to squint when staring straight at it. The smart TV apps work flawlessly and make this product function like a second computer.Also: There are 2 USB ports on the side. You can plug in a mouse and keyboard and they work instantly. With a mouse and keyboard this T.V.'s web browser makes a very capable computer substitute. I have not tried a wireless keyboard and mouse, but I suspect they would work just fine.The only criticism I have (besides the fact that I thought I was buying a 120Hz TV) is that the apps load a little slower that I did like. It takes perhaps 10-15 seconds to load Netflix or Hulu. It sounds short, but that's a long time to stare at the screen watching the progress bar.The sound is adequate. It definitely fills the room, and the 3D-SRS sound does work well. But if you want theater quality sound with bass you can feel, you'll need a separate sound system.All in all, this product has exceeded my expectations in most ways and I would absolutely buy it again.