The camera is amazing for the price. The 51 point AF system is a dream. Its accurate and can be navigated quickly. Being able to hit the &#34;OK&#34; button to return back to center AF point is also a plus. When taking photos you can use the &#34;OK&#34; button to very quickly check focus and then the command wheels to scrub through faces. Its speeds up the process so much.As for the files I have not even bothered with jpeg, shooting in RAW the whole time. Thus far the images are crisp and clear. I have no problems with the lack of AA filter. On the contrary the images coming from my lens are sharp as a tack! I shoot with Sigma and Nikon and have had no problems with lens compatibility, back focus or front focus.I have shot a few weddings with it since buying the camera. The battery life is a little shorter but I had back up batteries ready (as you always should) and was able to swap out only one time in the shoot. To resolve the problem I am going to pick up the grip soon. But keep in mind that I was shooting a wedding and was firing off lots of images. If you are a weekend warrior the battery life is more than enough.The back LCD screen is clear and big. It lacks the typical cover that Nikon usually places on them, and there is no real indication of why. Or even if the new screen is gorilla glass or what. So far I have no scratches but its still very new. This is not a deal breaker but an odd break from the traditional.Button layout is typical Nikon. I do like that they have modified from the D7000 and now mirror the D600. Its very easy to have a D600 as a primary shooter and use the D7100 as a wonderful second camera body.1.3 crop is the best thing you never knew you did not have. i find myself reaching for it all the time. Take my 70-200 lens. While its a bit of a pain to figure out the focal length just bear with me. The normal crop factor for the camera is 1.5 (DX) then you can crop down again to the 1.3. The takes the (200mm) x (1.5) x (1.3) = 390mm. The easy way to remember this is almost double your focal length with in crop mode. So a nifty 50mm becomes a 97.5mm and so on. The cost for this is that you go from 24MP down to 16MP. While you will have to weigh out this cost on your own terms, I can tell you that i could care less. For what I shoot and my clients 16MP is just fine. A D7000 is my second body anyway. :) But the ability to instantly grab a little more zoom pays off in dividends of shots not missed and gear not having to be carried.Speed is enough for me. The larger image size (24MP) means that your burst can suffer. I was shooting a large wedding and as they walked back up toward me I started to fill the buffer. It was not a huge deal and did not stop me from getting all the shots but coming from my D7000 and D600 I was spoiled being able to rattle off shots. Again after I established my limit I was able to stay in it and did not have the problem any more. But if you shoot fast then you will want to take that into consideration.The video is good. if you crop down you can shoot in 60 FPS. mehh. I will be honest. this is not something I use a lot. I bought my Nikon to take photos and some times I will shoot short video clips but these are rare and often not good enough to make it into a final presentation for a client. You can not change the f/stop when in live view mode which is kind of weird and people are saying it should be corrected in a future firmware update. So far its been a mehh thing for me.There is a lot more I could go on about with the camera. But this is turning into a book. Overall there are some shortcoming with the file speed and ability to quickly modify your settings in live view but for the cost, you will not find a better deal. If you can take the plunge and get it then you will not be sorry. you will have you a camera that will be relevant and powerful for many many years to come.