This is my 4th DSLR. Before this, I had a Kodak DCS-460c, a D70, and a D80. The latter two are still very capable cameras as long as you are not too obsessed about pixel peeking. When it comes to actual images, I had a hard time finding fault with either. I just used the D70 to shoot some downhill longboarding this past summer, and the high flash sync helped me grab some pretty great shots in poor lighting conditions. In fact, I did probably still be using it primarily if I had not dropped it about a year after buying it. I replaced it immediately (out of necessity) with a D80, which has been a workhorse of a camera (a year and a half ago, I figured out the problem with my D70 and fixed it myself, that's how I was able to use it again more recently).Anyway! All of this is to explain that I had a hard time finding a reason to upgrade to a newer body. I would love to have an FX body, because I built the bulk of my lens collection while shooting film and having my wide lenses actually be wide again would be great. I just could not justify the cost, though! However, once the D7100 hit, it was in a sweet spot in price and had 4x the resolution of my D70 and about 2.5x that of my D80 making it a significant upgrade. Put that together with its ability to meter with AIS lenses and it is purported high-ISO performance and it was just a matter of getting the money together.I had a lot of time to take some shots with it over the last half week or so and I have been very, very impressed with its fast focus and the quality of high-ISO images. With my previous bodies and their Gen-1 sensors, quality started to drop off rapidly after an ISO of 800. At 1600 the images were not just undersaturated and grainy, they were obviously digital with streaks and strangely colored pixels. The D80 could be pushed to 3200, but why? It was mostly useless.On the D7100, though, I shot several images at ISOs over 3200 and often at 6400. One thing I noticed is that while 'grain' does begin to become apparent at high ISOs, it looks a lot more like film grain than digital noise. Some of the monochrome shots I took at 6400 look more like 4-800 speed film. It's classy-looking noise, I suppose. It's definitely nicer looking than any 1600 or 3200 speed film I have ever shot on 35mm.Autofocus is also very fast and more accurate than it was with my older bodies. I was surprised at how quickly it focused and locked onto subjects with my 80-200 2.8 AF-S lens, and I never complained about it being slow on my older bodies. It's very snappy and accurate. With my D80 I did often be frustrated with the low-light performance of my fast lenses (50mm 1.4 and 35 1.8) and actually wondered if my 35mm lens was actually defective. The focal plane was always a little bit off from where I did wanted it. This has not completely vanished with the 7100, but I think there were only 2 or 3 images out of the several hundred I have shot so far that show evidence of the camera being a little confused about where to focus. That alone has made shooting far less stressful!Physically, the body is smaller than the D70 but larger than the D80. I do not have enormous hands, but I am a bigger than average person (statistically). The D70 fits my hand perfectly. I had to get the grip for the D80 or else I felt like the camera was going to slip from my hand. My little finger just sort of flapped in the breeze while I was holding onto the gripless D80. The D7100 is in the middle of the two. I wish it were closer in size to the D70, but I do feel like I can grasp it solidly. I'll probably eventually get the MB-D15, but it feels slightly less crucial (though I already miss the vertical shutter release and controls).Over all, this is a very significant upgrade over my older DSLRs. Maybe if I had a newer one it would feel incremental, but this was definitely the body I did not know I was waiting for for all of these years. The low-light performance alone is incredible for those of us who like to use available light; maybe high-iso images are grainier than they did be with a D600, but I did prefer to have the 51-point AF system from the D4 than worry about a little high-iso noise that actually looks fairly filmic. Some might disagree with me on that point and I might evolve in my opinion about the D7100's noise when speeds get over 2400 or so, but I'll worry about that later.