To put the review into some perspective, I upgraded to the D7100 from a D3100 after having it for 18 months.  The main reason I made the move was that I was shooting in full manual and wanted the extra controls, the extra focus points, the internal motor, the low light capabilities and a better screen.  I will first discuss the positives about the camera very briefly and mainly focus on what I perceive as the cons, as the cons are probably most useful to those considering making a new purchase.Pros:  Image quality is superb.  Much better than the D3100 and the D3100 was good.  I would say the image quality is professional caliber. Focus is blazing fast.  The internal motor makes the lenses focus a lot faster.  Low light is outstanding, much better than the D3100. You can take a good photo, hand held in nearly complete darkness. You can photograph things at night better then your eyes can see.  There is a button for everything and you have a lot of control.  The camera has a really nice grip and feels solid.  The display is amazing, absolutely bright and sharp. That better screen alone is reason to upgrade, as the D3100 had a terrible screen.Cons:  There are some awkward controls that you should be aware of this.1) The user's manual is not user friendly. The cameras functions are very different then the D3100.  Prepare to invest time in learning the controls and setting up the controls. Be prepared to buy Douglas Kosterman's Nikon D7100 Experience unless you are upgrading from and D7000 or D600, as this a different camera from the D3100. For $1200 why can not Nikon give some decent instructions?2) The controls and menu are not intuitive.  Unless you use this camera daily, you will not remember how to use the buttons or menu controls. I would not advise this camera to a first time DSLR user who will only use it occasionally. Stick with the D3200 or 5200 which are easier to use.  I have not used a comparable Canon or Pentax DSLR, but there must be a better way to set up a camera than this.3) The ISO button is in a bad location:  The ISO button, image quality size button, and white balance button are all bunched together on the front of the camera. If you accidentally press the image quality or WB button and then hit the command or subcommand dial you will accidentally change it.  You will not notice this until you download your pictures and find out that they are screwed up.  Both of these happened to me.  The command dial changes the ISO and the subcommand dial changes it to and from Auto ISO. The subcommand dial also controls the F-stop. When you are shooting full manual you are constantly adjusting ISO, F-stop and shutter speed.  After changing the ISO, if you do not remember to take your thumb off the ISO button you will accidentally change to Auto-ISO when you try to change the F-stop.  This happens to me all the time.4) The autofocus button is in awkward location on the front on the camera.5) The Video controls are not intuitive and it takes some time to learn how to take a video. You have to set the ISO, aperture and shutter speed, so this takes getting used to.6) There may be autofocus problems:  The focus is very fast but not always accurate.  Even when you are using spot focus, I am not always sure that it picks up what you are focusing on if it is a busy seen. No problems focus in low light though.7) The Fn button cannot be assigned to ISO. On the D3100 the Fn was defaulted as the ISO button and it was terrific.  The Fn can be assigned to about 18 things, none of which is ISO.  The Fn button is the natural choice for ISO, not on the front of the computer.8) The grey card setup is complicated and you will have to refer to the manual often.  The manual is an inch think and will not fit in your camera back.  The grey card is such an important function that it should be easy and intuitive.9) There is no panorama function. Why does my IPhone 5 have panorama and this does not?10)  The mode dial has two unnecessary locks on it.  There is little chance that you will inadvertently turn the mode dial, yet it has two locks. There is about a 100% chance that at some point you will inadvertently press some other button that is all over the camera and turn the command dial, mess up your shot and you will not know about it until you download the pictures.11)  Battery life is only fair, buy extra batteries.