I have only had this camera or a week now, but I have to put in a review because it is just that good!Nikon did an excellent job with this camera.  I have shot about 500 pictures and different events over the last week and the image clarity and detail is superior to the D3100 and D5100 that I have had in the past.  Outside photography is really easy with any camera, so I wanted to do a real comparison to indoor image quality with limited lighting so, I snapped on my 1.8G lens and went inside to shoot an event and I got outstanding results.  The depth of color is amazing and the detail in the images were just amazing.  Removing the low pass filter helps this camera excel in the low light environment excellent move on Nikon's part.  The grain is smaller at identical ISO's compared to the D5100.The camera body is laid out well.  They squared things off in comparison to the D5200 thats out now, and changed the LiveView switch over to a button which I like.  Everything seems to be just in the right place for my hands.  I do not have really large hands so it just works.I did get this camera with the kit lens, since it was immediately available versus the body alone.  I must say that I am impressed with the kit lens. it only goes down to 3.5G at 18mm which is not bad but if you want to reach out and grab a shot at 105mm your aperture moves up to 5.5 which requires a shutter speed adjustment or ISO boost to get the shot.  Fortunately adjustments in manual mode are quick and easy since you have 2 quick adjustment dials, and ISO adjustment is right there at your left finger.  I did not like that the default setting is to see the shot count on the viewfinder versus ISO, but its a quick change in the menu system to make the ISO your default display option.Another awesome feature that was added is the  white balance adjustment.  Now you can frame up your reference shot, shoot a gray card in that scene, select the gray card in live view and make the WB adjustment right there and save that as one of the presets for the shoot.  No more batch editing in Lightroom.  Totally awesome!!The only gripe I have on the camera right now, and its not on the camera itself is that Adobe Lightroom has not been updated yet to read the RAW files from this camera.  I can read them in photoshop but thats a 1 by 1 process and I need to get them into Lightroom so I can do some batch processing.  Knowing that shortcoming, I shot RAW+JPEG all week so I could still get them into LR and get the photos out to clients.If you are looking for an excellent camera for DSLR photography and do not want to make the plunge in FX format.  This hands down is the best DX format camera on the market PERIOD.  Do not look anywhere else.UPDATE:  Used the camera to shoot some 1080P video.  In manual mode you have full control over the ISO, fStop, and Shutter Speed.  Having full control over your exposure for video is awesome.  Have not used a DSLR for video work before, but now I can see why its so popular.  You have easier access and control over everything.  Its even better than my pro HD camcorder that I own.  Ca not wait to get outside this spring and see the quality of video with lower ISO's.  Had to shoot between 2000-4000 ISO to get good exposure at 4.5g inside with contrasting light and dark areas in the room I was shooting in.