I would recommend this camera for any level of photographer. Easy enough for a beginner with the two auto modes (flash or no flash), plus 18 scene modes. More than enough camera to make a hobbyist or amateur happy with lots of bells and whistles for some creative photography. This would even make a good backup camera for a professional photographer.For people like me who just do this for fun and shoot JPEG, there is a lot of retouching that can be done in the retouch menu such as trim, color balance, resize, straighten. You can also adjust sharpening, contrast, brightness, and saturation in the camera under Picture Control on the Shooting Menu. Good for people that do not have post processing software like Lightroom or Photoshop. At the time of this review Lightroom and Photoshop are unable to import RAW NEF files. If you want to work on these files you have to install the View NX software that comes with the camera. Then you can import into that program and save as a TIF file. You can then import TIF files into Lightroom or Photoshop. Hopefully Adobe will release an upgrade soon to offer support for the Nikon D7100.I mostly take snapshots of my dogs or when traveling to post on Facebook so retouching in the camera is what works for me. I purchased the WU-1a wireless mobile adapter to streamline getting the pictures from my camera to Facebook. It wirelessly transfers pictures from the camera to my smartphone or tablet. Once the pictures are on the smartphone or tablet they can be uploaded to Facebook or emailed etc. Super easy way to get pictures from the camera to your cell phone or tablet.I like that it uses SD cards (my previous camera used CF cards) and there are 2 slots for 2 cards. There are 3 different options on how to use the 2 cards. 1) first card for RAW and second for JPEG, 2) second card is used as a duplicate of the first, 3) second card is used for overflow if the first card gets filled up. My laptop has a built-in SD card reader so I do not have to use an external USB card reader to transfer my pictures.Several people have mentioned how the camera searches for focus. I had this same problem and figured out how to change the setting so that did not happen. Look for the little switch on the front of the camera to switch from AF / M. Leave it on AF, push the button on the switch then turn the command dial to AF-S and then turn the sub-command dial to S. When it is in Auto is when it constantly hunts for focus.The main reason I upgraded to this camera is because the technology is 6 years newer than my old camera and I wanted more megapixels, sharper pictures, better color and less noise. This camera delivers on all counts.I love this camera and can not wait to learn what all its capable of. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because no camera is perfect for all things. I do wish this one had built-in wi-fi and that HDR mode worked in RAW too and not just JPEG.