Being the previous owner of a d5100, I bought this camera with high expectations.51 focus points 'improved' focus system? 24 Mpixel? No anti-aliasing filter? 'sharpest and best DX Nikon camera ever'? I am sold!Unfortunately, the reality of this camera does not live up to this at all. I received this camera and popped my 50 mm 1.4D on it, and started taking some shots inside. The first thing i noticed is the graininess of the photos. Checked ISO, 600 - 800 and this much grain? hmm, red flag number 1. My d5100's 16 Mpixel sensor was quieter than this.The next thing i noticed; many of the photos were not properly focused. Uh oh. Red flag number 2.How could this be? Does nikon really not know how to make cameras that focus? They have been making cameras for 100 years. I took many more (approx. 1000) test shots in various lighting conditions and on various targets over the next few days, mostly at F 2 - 2.8 with the 50 and my 35 mm 1.8. If i did a rain dance to the gods, stood on one foot, patted my head and rubbed my stomach first, I could MAYBE get 50% of the shots to be in focus. So let me get this straight, I pay 1200 dollars for a camera, and it is in focus half the time? Nice try, Nikon.I tried all sorts of camera settings including the AF fine tune, and that did not seem to help at all. Sometimes at would be front focus, sometimes it was back focus, sometimes spot on. Changing the focus point did not seem to help much.What good are 51 focus points if the thing is never in focus? Ol' trusty d40 had less than a tenth of the focus points and that thing was 90% spot on.Some other things of note:1. I am convinced that the 1.3 crop mode is a marketing ploy to get uninformed consumers to think they are getting 'extra length' from their lenses. All it is is a crop mode. The only thing you get is maybe a frame per second extra speed.2. I tried and could not find a face detect mode in the live view mode. The d5100 had it and it was sooooo useful.3. The locking buttons for the mode dials are actually VERY useful. However, the awkward lower shutter mode dial is, well, awkward to use. Maybe if it had a textured finish it would be better.4. I put on my external Nikon SB-600 flash and was not getting consistent results. A lot of the time the photos were overexposed. This worked flawlessly on both D5100 and D60.6. After having it for a week, I was starting to see dust spots on the sensor at large apertures (high f numbers). If this happens to you, do the sensor cleaning function, it seems to help a lot.7. The LCD is fixed, which is a good thing. One of my main complaints about the d5100 was the lcd getting dust inside it since the edges were not encased in the camera due to the gimmicky swivel feature.8. A great feature of the D5100 was that you could half-way press the shutter button and the viewfinder would light up the ISO that it will be shooting at. This was a great feature. Nikon for some reason removed this feature with the D7000, and kept it removed with the d7100. WHY? No one knows. Nice job Nikon.In short, Nikon is really caving to the marketing numbers at the expense of quality. They should have stuck with 16 megapixels. Any more than that and you are having to use smaller pixel size, which makes more noise. It's just physics. All the marketing brochures and pamphlets in the world can not beat the laws of physics.Rather than deal with Nikon (lack of) service, i opted to just return the camera. RETURNed, not replaced. Need I say more?UPDATE 5-13-13OKay I got a replacement and it focuses MUCH better! YAAAAAY!Unfortunately, Nikon does not put the current metered ISO in the viewfinder, which is kinda dumb, and the UI on the d7100 is clunkier and slower than the previous ones, but hey, as long as it auto focuses, I am happy. This camera is the best among its compatitors. Nikon apparently has some work to do on auto focusing. Pentax and Canon and Sony are light years ahead in this regard, but i have a bunch of Nikon glass and their GUI is more extensive, so i think i'll stick with that. Heck, even my Sony cybershot from 2003 focused more precise and consistently. I almost stuck with the d7000 but it seems that Nikon is pushing out their final untested batches and pushing the quality control to the consumer, which is really unfortunate. This will probably be the last Nikon I own.