I have owned the Pentax K5, the Nikon D3100, and the Nikon D700.  I still have my D700 (love that camera), and after selling my Pentax K5 (loved that one too but needed better auto-focus for sports) I wanted a crop-sensor body for kids' sports which I could use my Nikon lenses with.I tried the d7000 out for about 2 weeks.  It severely back-focused.  With that camera, about 1 out of 10 photos were 'keepers' so I sent it back and decided to wait and see what the next Nikon release would be.When the D7100 came out I knew I would be buying it - aside from the small buffer size it looked like it had all the right specs for my needs.  I purchased a copy locally about 3 weeks ago and gave it a try. I used a Nikon 80 - 200mm 2.8D lens for indoor sports and found that in the artificial lighting of the indoor sports arena the focus was frequently 'off', and my resulting photos were very noisy and 'soft'.  I tried my Nikon 85mm 1.4D, a Nikon 35mm 1.8, as well as a few other lenses in a variety of lighting conditions and found that the camera had very inconsistent metering.  I felt like I was fiddling constantly to try to get the correct exposure even in more than adequate light.  I sent the D7100 back too...Last week I decided to give the camera one more try and purchased a second body from an online retailer.  So far it looks like this second body has none of the obvious issues of the first, and I am very happy with the images I am getting from it.  The low light performance is not as good as expected (still a lot of noise and some banding from ISO 1600 and above), and the higher resolution of the sensor does not necessarily translate to better photos except under certain conditions - but ultimately it offers a nice complement to my lower resolution full-frame camera. The focus is fast and accurate, and when used in adequate lighting it does most of what it sets out to do and is capable of producing exceptional images.  I will still use my D700 for portraits, low light (and indoor) sports, but will likely use the D7100 for family snapshots, walks with kids, landscape shooting and outdoor sporting events.That being said, if Nikon would offer a full frame camera just like the d700 with the added U1 & U2 settings, 20 - 24mp resolution and a DX mode for sports (and no oily sensor problems) I would ditch both of my current cameras and buy that one instead!