This summer I decided to upgrade to a 3DTV and bought an LG 47LM7600, but it is 'Cinema 3D' did not live up to the hype, so I returned it. To replace it I ended up buying a Panasonic TC-P55VT50, which at the time was exactly double the price of the LG. I had never owned a plasma before and I would not normally have considered one, but as I researched which TV to buy I consistently saw reviewers saying that this TV had the best picture quality of any TV on the market. And they were right.This TV produces the best-looking picture that I have ever seen on any TV anywhere, period. I am not talking about subtle differences that only a pro would notice--it is a completely different viewing experience. Despite all the research that I did, I did not really appreciate the difference until I had the TV in my living room. Basically, when you watch a movie on this TV, you are seeing it the way it was intended to look. The colours are vibrant without looking fake, the black looks black instead of dark grey, and there is no motion blur at all. In many ways it recreates the picture of a movie theatre. My Sony XBR4 that I used to think highly of now looks washed-out and dull to me. The Panasonic's 3D--the feature that I actually bought the TV for--is also amazing (I only rarely see crosstalk or flicker) and also the best on the market according to some experts, but its high quality is overshadowed by how impressive the overall picture quality is compared to competing TVs.Another reviewer mentioned that he disliked this TV because the whites were not bright enough. It is true that the whites are not as bright as on an LCD, but I LIKE the way they look. In the real world, white objects do not have an otherworldly glow like the bright white of an LCD screen, so when you see those objects in a movie they should not look like that either.Drawbacks? There is really only one major one, which is that this TV does not work very well as a computer monitor. The reason is that to prevent image retention (a.k.a. burn-in) it chops off 5% from the edges of the screen, which is where all of the important buttons and icons are on a computer desktop. You can disable this feature, but that makes the TV very susceptible to image retention, so it is not a good idea. So if you are planning to use your TV as a computer monitor then this TV is probably not a good choice for you. For everyone else, it is the best.