Purchased this TV on 08/27/12 and received it shortly thereafter.  Love the TV and love the picture quality.  Yesterday, I went to turn it on and nothing happened.  I noticed that the light at the bottom of the TV was blinking, pausing for 5 seconds, and then blinking again continuously.  I read online that the TV might have gone into 'protection' mode and some posts suggested that I unplug the TV for several hours.  I left the TV unplugged overnight.  This morning, when I plugged it back in, the blinking red light returned and no working TV.I called Panasonic support this morning; it is great that their Customer Support is open on a Sunday.  The customer support rep promptly scheduled a repair appointment for Friday.  She explained scheduling 5 days out would give the company that is going to do the repair work(a local repair company) time to order the appropriate parts.  She indicated that, most of the time, the TV is repaired on site without any follow up visits.The TV is great; I probably would have given this TV 5 stars had I not had this issue. The handling of my issue by customer service has been very good.  But because the TV has stopped working after 2 months of average use, I can not give this product anything other than 1 star.  I have had several TV's and never had an issue with any of them.  Also, although I understand the need to make the appointment a week out, that means I will not have a working TV until Friday at the earliest assuming the repair technician can actually fix it.  If the repair man fixes it on Friday, I'll probably update this review to 3 stars.Like I said above, I really like the TV and the features.  I am not an expert on this stuff; I probably would have liked anything I purchased as I was coming from a 11 year old Sony Vega tube TV.  Some of my friends have more 'economical' TV's and I can definitely see a difference.  Also, I never thought I would use the web apps on the TV, but I have started to, especially NetFlix.Update--11/07/2012So, the technician fixed the problem with my TV.  It turns out the board that controls all of the non-TV functionality like apps, wi-fi, etc. died.The repair technician spoke very highly of the TV and Panasonic TV's in general.  He indicated while other competitors may have some type of diagnostic tool for use by a customer when reporting an issue, none of them are as accurate as Panasonic's (a diagnostic light at the front of the TV).  He also indicated for those vendors that had diagnostic tools, many times the tools are fairly useless because the same model of a TV might have different internal components depending on when/where it was manufactured.  He specifically called out Samsung as having TV's with different types of boards in the same  amodel' TV.  You might ask, why does this matter?  Well, he indicated that 99% of the time, when he comes out to fix a Panasonic TV, he fixes it in the customer's home the first time.  He indicated that no other TV manufacturer is anywhere close to that success rate.  Because of the accurate diagnostic code, he can come onsite with the correct hardware the first time.  With other TV manufactures, he has to make a first visit just to figure out what's wrong and then come back again to actually fix it.  Also, he stated that the quality of other TV manufactures is not as high as Panasonic so many times the problems with the TV cannot be fixed onsite or cannot be fixed at all.So far the TV has been working fine.  The picture is great.  I have upped my rating to 4 stars, especially in light of the comments from the repair man.