Everyone here seems to have reviewed the technical aspects of this TV pretty thoroughly, and I'll pretty much agree with the glowing reviews when it comes to picture quality.  This is a good TV, and I am mostly satisfied with it.  I initially purchased an edge-lit Samsung LED, which has a more 'pop' vivid picture, but I do not feel the edge-lit technology is where it needs to be when you are watching dark movies (flashlighting on the sides of the screen, in many models it is very noticeable).  I ended up switching back to a plasma and am happy with this choice, it is a very rich, deep picture.  If you are in a super bright room, there can be a glare as this screen is super glossy.  We had to buy a new, more diffused lamp and that helped immensely.Here's the gripe, and you may call it a small one - the advertising.  There is a banner ad pop-up that appears when you turn the TV on and there is another ad when you go into the Viera Connect application (which is how you access internet, Netflix, etc).  The banner ad on start up can be turned off deep within the menu, thankfully.  However, the ad in the Connect menu can not be disabled or moved, it is always right there taking up one of your initial home boxes.Perhaps many people are ok with this, but I have to say it rankles when you spend thousands of dollars on a product and then have a section of your Connect home screen taken up by an ad.  I can understand advertising when you are paying nothing or next to nothing for something.  But this seems so shameless and irritating when considering the cost of this product.  I know this will annoy some more than others, but had I known about this in advance, I may well have purchased another TV.  I hate advertising and try to avoid as much as humanly possible (a foolish endeavor, I know).Also, good luck deciding you do not want to update the TV software at the particular moment it wants to.  It forces you to perform the update the second you connect to the internet.  It's pretty quick (maybe 10 minutes), but heaven forbid you do not want it to update.  Maybe there's a way to turn the auto update off, but I have not found it.This is an incredible product that I would completely endorse if not for the cheap cash-grab advertising by Panasonic.