My 8 year old Samsung TV died and I needed a replacement.  I was guided by the reviews I found in both Consumer Reports and CNET to the Panasonic VIERA TC-P55VT50.  I have several Panasonic products (including a 42' TV) and have been pleased with their performance as well.  This TV did not disappoint!  The picture is great and the 3D picture (using a 3D source) is quite good.  The 2D to 3D conversion is NOT the same as a true 3D source.Pros: great picture and extreme tweaking available.  Quite good 3D.  Good array of inputs (4 HDMI).Cons: it is rather expensive!  It was Consumer Reports highest rated TV but not a 'Best Buy' due to its price.  If you do not care for the 3D display look at other less expensive TVs.  It requires fairly expensive glasses ($50 from Amazon, $70 from Panasonic) that are not included in the box and must be purchased separately.Additional note:  There were several vendors that offered this set for less money than Amazon.  I almost went to Abes of Maine for the lower price.  Another vendor in California advertised a lower price and free shipping but then tacked on another $230 to insure the shipment (I had to call to get the added price becuase it was not posted anywhere on their web site).  I read the fine print a little closer on Abes site and saw that if the TV was defective, I would be responsible for the return freight (if I could even return it) and the free shipping was to the curbside.  The driver would drop the set off in my driveway but I would have to carry it in.  The set weighs 94 pounds and is rather bulky.  With Amazon I had 'white glove' delivery.  The set was delivered by two men who carried the TV into the house, set it up, made sure it worked and then removed the box.  That level of service was available from other vendors but expect to pay an additional $250 for it.  With that factored in and Amazon's customer friendly return policies, my choice for vendor became easy.  A side note: it took about 7 days from the order to the delivery.