I read many reviews for this TV and decided it was the one to buy. I had tried the top of the line Sharp available at Costco and was shocked at how bad the picture was; they said maybe it was defective, but I did not want to take a chance, and so decided to spend more and get the Panasonic plasma.Like many others, I first wanted to use Best Buy as my display showroom, which I felt bad about, as they are losing money from people not buying there, but just looking. I assumed that due to a fixed price policy and the cost of local taxes there was no way I would be buying it from them. On the other hand, after my experience with returning the Sharp to Costco, locally, without any cost, there certainly was a major advantage to buying locally.I mentioned to the salesman that Amazon was $80 cheaper, but also an additional $250 cheaper due to no taxes due, and shipping free. [Of course, I would have had to wait a week or so for Amazon to deliver, and was eager to get it sooner]. The salesman at Best Buy immediately said they would match the Amazon price, INCLUDING the cost of taxes, deducting it from the price, and could deliver it for free in 2 days. I could not turn down that offer. When I made a crack about there being other companies offering it online for even less (but likely not authorized dealers, or else not offering a 30 day free trial, with local return if necessary, as Best Buy offers), the supervisor even lowered it an additional $100, without any threats from me.It seems to me that it was a great deal for me. I am writing this because I never expected to buy it like this from Best Buy and to get it in 2 days, with a free 30 day return policy and wanted to share it with others. I love Amazon, but with an item this big, buying locally is a good idea. I am also sharing it this way because I have found great advice in these reviews; for example, one gave me great advice on how to extend the life of Brother toner cartridges when I looked at the Amazon website. I have no connection with Best Buy or its employees, and have traditionally bought all my electronics from Amazon, and have been very happy with their service and prices.