Let me start off by explaining what type of customer I am.  I watch tv, but I do not own any fancy home entertainment center, I do not change my hdmi cored every time a better one comes out and I do not have an insanely expensive top of the line DVD player.  I am what I would define as a normal tv watcher that watches mostly sports and some blu-rays through my PS3.  I had an old tv which was a 1080i flat screen that I bought back in 2003.  It was fine and I probably could have went another year without an upgrade, but I thought that between the new video quality, smart tv features, and 3d that I could use an upgrade.  I am not a techy, I am not going to spend $500 for a professional calibration, and I am not going to be super picky about comparing 18 tv's and spending hours trying to find a single flaw.  With that said, here is my review of the tv:Out of the box I was not expecting miracles but I have to say that I was a little disapointed with the picture compared to my old tv.  However, I live in an apartment with a ton of sun light so I needed to adjust the settings.  The TXH bright room definately made a big difference, and I gave in, and went to CNET and spent the 30 minutes using their calibrations.  This made a big difference and increased the picture quality very noticeably.  So I was a little dissapointed with the pre-sets right out of the box, you will have to spend time adjusting them.The TV itself is very thin.  It looks almost as thin as the LED tv's I see in the store that I am always amazed at.  It is very sleak and the bezel is not to big.  As far as the stand goes, it really is not bad at all.  Alot of people bad mouth it, but honestly it is just a stand and it will not ruin the look of your room.  It looks black if your 10 ft away, so no big deal.  The glass does have some reflections especially in a well lit room.  I think this is going to force me to put the TV on the wall to cut back on the glare.  Not a huge deal, I always wanted a tv on the wall, but after paying for the TV I would have liked to have put it on the wall at my leisure instead of having to pay almost immediately to cut back on the glare.Picture Quality:  Honestly I kept reading that you need to break in the TV's for 150 hours.  I do not know why, and I think that is rediculous, but I have noticed that the picture on the TV is getting much better the more I use it.  So you have to give it time.  After having the tv for two weeks I can honestly say that the picture on football and other live sports is pretty impressive.  Better than my old tv, but not so spectacular that your going to be blown away if you came from a high def tv already.  However, and this is a huge however, if you watch something that allows the tv to show off its black levels you will be blown away.  I was watching Harry Potter, and I do not even like harry potter, but it looked so amazing on the tv it was mesmerizing.  Another good example was when the camera's were doing a live panning over NYC during the Jets game the other night, the city looked incredible.  All in all I would say that the TV looks great, especially the black levels and blu-rays are mind blowing.3D- The 2d to 3d conversion is not anything special, you probably wont' use it.  The glasses do not come with the tv, but I bought the TY model and they work fine.  I only have one 3d channel which is ESPN 3D and it is good.  Depends on the sport and I guess the camera they shoot it in.  HOnestly I do not think anyone will sit there and watch a whole game in 3D.  However, when you play an actual blu-ray 3D DVD it is very very very very good.  Just as good as the theatres. Honestly, you probably will not use the 3D much except for the 3d Blu Rays and I use my PS3, it is supposed to look even better with a full 3d blu ray player.  So if you have one of those, and the picture gets better, which I can not imagine, than you should be blown away.Smart Features- they are limited.  There is an app store but there really is not much to download.  However, the apps that they have do work great.  Pandora, netflix, amazon, etc.  They all load up super fast and the video streams perfectly.  The wireless was easy to set up.  Only complaint is that when you turn the tv off it takes about 3 minutes from when you turn back on the tv till the internet is hooked up again.  Same as when your restarting a laptop, it takes time for the device to find the signal.All in all- The tv is great.  Really my only complaint is that I wish the picture did not have to be calibrated at all.  Honestly I am still really impressed without messing around with the picture except for changing on the custom setting to the settings they had on CNET.  The 3d is movie theatre quality when playing a blu-ray, and if you watch something with allows the tv to show off the black levels, it is mind blowing.  Letting the tv break in actually makes a difference, the smart features are nice and work well, video streams without any lag, and the design is nice (not as nice as say the new LG LED, but it is very close).  I give the TV a 5 star rating, I am very happy with it and I bet if you have the patients to really mess around with the settings and adjust it than you probably will have a much nicer picture than I currently do.