The Panasonic VT50 series is Panasonic's flagship TV. The TV was created for people who are Videophiles.If you just want to watch your reality TV, and a few other TV shows with an occasional movie here and there then go with LCD-LED TV's. Especially if you want to watch TV in a room with a lot of sunlight. LED and LCD TVs are bright and vivid.If you buy the VT50 because you heard people say its the best TV then you are buying this TV for the wrong reasons. Do your research before you buy this TV. CNET has reviewed it and so has Home Theater Magazine. Both CNET and Home Theater magazine will tell you this is the top Plasma TV on the market, BUT if you buy the VT50 then there are a few things you should know.1. The VT50 should be PROFESSIONALLY calibrated2. The VT50 should be used in a room with few windows with the shades drawn. (black out curtains over the windows are best)3. The VT50 is NOT a LCD-LED TV. It's a THX certified Plasma TV that has been compared to the Pioneer Kuro. (If you do not know what a Kuro is then the features in this TV will be lost on you)4. The built-in speakers are ok, but if you buy this TV you should pair it with a THX Certified A/V receiver (i.e. Pioneer Elite) and at least 5 speakers and a separate sub woofer.5. The VT50 has numerous features that can be turned on/off, adjusted, etc that most people will not understand or use6. The TV is not calibrated correctly out of the box (See 1.)My Assessment: (I'll keep it short)The VT50 is a VERY impressive TV. I purchased the TC-P65VT50 at the end of June 2012. I have not had the VT50 professionally calibrated yet, but I have made screen adjustments via the PRO menu. I used the setting listed at the end of Thomas Nortons review in Home Theater Mag([...]). The link to his setting is listed at the bottom of this review.The Blacks on this TV are extraordinary. The off axis viewing is very good, but most plasmas are. LCDs and LEDs still have a issue with off axis viewing. The Shadow detail is very impressive. I have watch a few movies on this TV via Netflix, VuDu and Blue-ray. I am always impressed with Blue-ray, but I was particularly impressed with streaming movies from Netflix and VUDU using Viera Connect built into the TV. The TV's dual core processor is impressive and I have a 18Mbps internet connection that helped with the streaming. I watch TRON via VUDU HDX. It was like watching TRON on Blue-ray disc.The active shutter 3D is very good on this TV as well. There is little to no ghosting or cross talk. I do not watch movies in 3D that often. It hurts my eyeballs. Panasonic does NOT give you any 3D glasses with the TV and they are pretty pricy. I bought two pair through Amazon (TY-ER3D4MU) and that was only because I had a 50 dollar gift card to help reduce the price a little. NOTE: You cannot use the 3D glasses from the 2011 model with the 2012. The 2012 is Bluetooth enabled and the 2011 is not.There are two remote controls for this TV. One is your basic controller that is gloss black (Gets oily from your skin). The other controller is a small Bluetooth fob looking remote with a touch pad and 3 or 4 buttons. Is suppose to be used to help get you through the Viera Connect menu and to help you surf the web. It works ok, but I never use it. I bought a Harmony 900 and use that remote for everything. The TV will also allow you to Skype. You can buy Panasonic's TV web cam (TY-CC20W) or buy Logitech TV web cam (960-000665). I have been told the Logitech is better and cheaper.My Setup:Panasonic TC-P65VT50Pioneer Elite VSX-52Polk Audio CS400i CenterPolk Audio RT800i Floor Standing L/R speakers (Bi-ampped)Polk Audio PSW650 Powered Dual 10' Sub wooferBose 161 speakers for surround L/RSony PlayStation for Video Games and Blue-RayMicrosoft Xbox 360U-VerseAPC H15BLK 12-Outlet Power ConditionerPRO Menu setting for the VT50 go here ([...]).Update: 10-7-2012I have had this TV for little over 2 1/2 months now. The TV has had no issues. I have used the custom video settings that Thomas Norton from Home Theater Mag suggested. Those setting have not failed me and the picture looks excellent. There has been no burn-in that I can see with my naked eye. Hulu, Netflix, and Vudu work very well. Youtube has issues, but I do not make use of youtube on my TV so it does not matter to me. I have not used the 3D other than to show friends using a demo of Tron via Vudu. 3D still makes my eyes feel like they are being sucked out of my head.I am going to have a ISFcc calibrator come out to my house on Oct 12th to do a professional calibration on the TV. This is my first time getting a television professionally calibrated so I will report back the week after next on how it went.The only annoying thing is the reflection of my table lamps in the TV at night and the windows behind my couch during the day. It's a very minor annoyance. You will get reflection on any glass surface.I say this again: If you are going to buy this TV it will behoove you to buy a power conditioner with surge suppression. A better option would be a UPS designed for home theaters, but they can be a bit pricy. The power being fed into my house is definitely NOT constant. It jumps up and down. Especially when my AC kicks in. Protect your 3000+ dollar baby.