I absolutely love the 65' VT-50 I purchased 6 weeks ago using Amazon Prime.  Except that the delivery truck was a couple hours later than expected, the transaction was flawless.  The delivery service performed basic installation, set up and functional tests to make sure that unit was working and not damaged and I had no complaint.Search as much as you feel you need to... Aquos, Elite, Samsung.  They all look good, but the VT-50 resolves shadows better than any of them.  The picture just looks more natural across the entire spectrum of colors and from the darkest details to the brightest.  I have TV hooked into home theater system so have not used the speakers more than 5 minutes.  They sounded fine, but anyone buying a $3000 TV should plan on including audio in their budget.I am generally not into the 3D thing but I bought a couple pairs of glasses.  The battery life and functionality of the glasses is great.  Hugo looked good. The Lion King looked great.  But I have never spent time comparing this feature on other 3D TVs so can not say how good it is...or is not.  The conversion of a 2D signal to a 3D picture is gimmicky and unpredictable in results.I have explored some of the internet functionality and streamed a couple movies.  It all seems to work fine.  As far as the interface and remote controls, I am sure there are other TVs that are slightly better and probably many that are not as good, but it would be hard for me to significantly fault this set.  I would guess if I were spending a lot of time surfing the internet features, the second remote with the touchpad would be useful, but for me it is just another remote to collect dust.Cons of this set... LCD/LEDs are brighter.  Glare can be a problem with any plasma, but frankly I think that is true of most large TV's so setup and space planning is important.  No 3D glasses are included so budget in another $65/pair.Bottom line is that I spent 6 months reading about and auditioning different TVs.  I would have been happy with last years VT-30 and could not have imagined that Panasonic was going to significantly improve upon it.  They did!  Who knows what the future improvements will be but as of today, I have never seen a TV that seriously rivals the VT-50's picture.  Anyone with the budget for a high end set should seriously consider this offering.  I would be surprised if you were not thrilled with it!