I have had this TV for about 30 days now and thought I would write a review.Overall the TV is incredibly nice and for the most part everyone else's reviews are spot on.  Here is a brain dump of my $.02:-If you are an Amazon Prime member the free 'white glove shipping' is not stellar.  This experience will vary depending on your location and the vendor they choose, but my experience was NOT good.  Same issue as most - they said TV would be there between 9am-12pm and it did not show up until 7pm the next day.  They did not assemble tv or anything.-TV was well packaged in the box.-I was missing the touch pad remote that's supposed to come with the TV.  Had to wait a week and call them a bunch to receive a replacement.-The wireless and wired internet is very easy to setup and has worked well so far.-The setup of an over the air antenna was really simple, relatively fast and is of good quality.-The canned viewing settings the TV comes with are decent, but this is where I take the most issue with the TV.  If you have been researching this TV you hear everyone go on about how  dideep the blacks are'.  While this is true, the issue I have is that it makes things TOO dark/black- so much so that you are missing out on actual detail.  For example, if someone is wearing a black shirt or if half of their face is in a shadow you can not see *anything* but black.  To me this is not an accurate representation of the actual image and is why I knock off a single star for this review.  I have used all of the canned viewing settings and also applied the CNET recommended settings and they all suffer from this same issue.  If someone can point me to settings that remedy this issue I will gladly update this review.-The 3D feature works as well as it can, but it is still really gimmicky and I can not see me (or anyone) using it very often.  Even with Avatar 3D Blu-ray it is just not worth the headache.-TV does not come with 3d glasses, so I had to invest another $100 to get those.This is my first plasma TV - i have always had LCDs in the past.  Overall I am pleased with the TV but the darkness issue is really very aggravating.  To skirt around the issue I have attached a DVI to HDMI cable from my PC to the TV and I can adjust the gamma/brightness/contrast using my video card.