My 5-star rating is for the TV only. I have a much lower rating for the delivery service; more on that later.I currently own Sony (LCD), Samsung (LCD), and LG (Plasma) HDTVs. They are all nice, but this Panansonic is clearly the best of them. I was very close to buying a Samsung 63' LCD, but went with this one at the last minute. Every other TV I have had to manually mess around with the picture to get it where I liked it. With this one, I went through the preset options and found the Cinema THX to be perfect. Just an overall really nice looking set, even when it is turned off. The 3D is very good (glasses not included), although I have not owned a 3D set before, so do not really have anything to compare it to. This set really puts the 'theater' in 'home theater.' If you get one, you will not be disappointed.The one thing I do need to complain about was the 'white glove' delivery. I had scheduled a delivery for 8-11am with Ceva. I took a half day off work to be home for the delivery, but 11:00am came and went, and nothing. I waited another 30 minutes and finally started making some calls. I found it somewhat humorous listening to their pre-recorded messages about how focused they are on customer service. Anyway, 15 minutes later, after being transferred around several times, I finally got to someone who could help me. They told me the set had just been taken off the truck! I expressed my disappointment in not even getting a phone call, and having blown my whole day now, and all the guy could say was 'sorry, I just got here.' They did manage to arrange to still have it delivered that day, and it finally showed up around 6pm. The delivery guy was very good about unloading, unpacking, setting up, and testing the TV, so it ended on a high note. My recommendation for anyone having a set delivered is to contact them early on the day of delivery and make sure everything is on schedule, before losing a whole day like I did. Overall, I would rate the delivery service as 2 stars or less.