First all, let me start by saying that this review is not intended to bash this tv.  This is a good set that will probably meet the needs of most people.  However, based upon my experience with this set, there is a specific group of people that would probably be better off purchasing a different television.In order to fully appreciate where I am coming from with this review, I think it is important to understand what type of tv I had prior to purchasing the 65in VT50 from Amazon.  For the last 4 years I have been extremely pleased with a 46in Samsung LCD called the LN46A650A1FXZA. For those of you who are unfamiliar with this set, it is part of Samsung's Touch of Color series that they released a few years back. Believe it or not, this is the highest rated tv that I have ever seen on Amazon!  Just pop the model number in an Amazon search and you will see that it has a rating of 4.7 stars out of 974 reviews.  Very few tvs that I have seen have come close to a 4.7 rating, let alone have such a large number of reviewers.I mention all this because to this day my 46in LCD has served me extremely well. So much so, that every guest who visits my house, ALWAYS comments on its clearity and richness of color. In fact, I had not reason for purchasing a new tv other than the fact that I wanted a bigger screen with more bells and whistles.That being said, when contemplating my purchase I started looking into the latest Samsung models but was turned off by the numerous reports of screen uniformity issues. While the Samsung models were rated very poorly, the VT50 was given the highest of praise from just about every expert source out there (CNET, Avforums, etc).  Prior to purchasing the VT50, I went into my local Best Buy just to see it in person and could immediately tell that it was significantly darker and less rich in color than my LCD.  However, I dismissed these concerns thinking that it was just the store's settings and purchased the set from Amazon.Fast forward a week later and the VT50 was now sitting in my living-room with about 80 hours of usage on the various picture modes. It was at that point that I started tweaking with the settings to see what it could do.  I tried a variety of settings such as CNET's recommendations, THX Brightroom, and my own custom setup. Here are the pros that I found:1. It's a beautiful looking set, a complement to any room.2. The built in apps work flawlessly every time.3. 1080p content looked pretty good.4. The black level performance was pretty good but surprisingly it was just a slight improvement over my old LCD.5. The speakers were surprisingly good. Much better than I was expecting.Despite these positives, I just did not find myself being impressed by the overall picture quality. Here are the cons that I found:1. Anything lower than 1080p or 1080i content looked awful. I noticed this because my favorite news station is filmed in 720p and the video quality looked awful compared to my LCD.2. The screen is extremely reflective and not suited to a room with any more than 3 standard windows.3. I had to pump the brightness to the max in order to overcome the light in my room during the day.  As a consequence, the colors were washed out.4. Even in a pitch black environment, anything less than 1080p content was not impressive.5. Increasing the sharpness setting seams to create a grainy image instead of actually improving the sharpness.  This is probably the main reason why most professional calibrators leave the sharpness setting at 0.It's important to note here that I was not the only one who noticed these problems.  In fact, my entire family and numerous guests all commented that they felt that the picture quality on my old LCD was better than the VT50. Imagine my horror when I realized that I had spent over $3000 on a product that was not as good as my old set!Rather than wasting over $3k for lower picture quality, I decided to do something extreme. I bought a 60in Samsung ES8000, hocked both TVs to an HDMI splitter, identical HDMI cables, and compared the two sets in my home environment. If you look at another Amazon review posted for the VT50 by the user 'Fly2high'.  You will see that I am not the only one who conducted this experiment.  Like 'Fly2high', my results were exactly the same:1. The sharpness on the ES8000 blew the VT50 out of the water. It was a huge difference! I could actually count the pores in an actor's face, whereas the VT50 just created a soft image.2. The brightness of the whites were much richer on the ES8000. This is to be expected since it is an LED.3. The high brightness leads to better bright room performance.4. I found the off angle performance better on the ES8000.  Why you ask? Because the LED is bright enough to combat the light reflections that plagued the VT50 when viewed from the side.5. The ES8000 black levels were much better.  This one really surprised me seeing that the ES8000 is an LED.  However, this model is capable of getting so black that in pitch black scenes, you can not even tell if the tv is on!!!6. Lastly, the colors are richer on the ES8000.While it may sound like I am showing favoritism to the ES8000, I honestly really wanted to like the VT50.  The 65in screen and build quality just made it look really nice in my living room. All this being said, however, the most important thing to me is picture quality.  And in my opinion, the ES8000 is far superior. Therefore, I ended up paying the same amount for the Samsung that I paid for the VT50 while loosing 5in in screen size.  I was not happy about it, but I had to do it.So who exact is the VT50 suited for?  Here's my opinion:1. The majority of the content you watch must be 1080p or 1080i resolution.2. You must have no more than 3 standard windows in your room.3. Most importantly, you must like the soft images (i.e. not sharp) and muted colors of the video shown in movie theaters.If all of these factors sound like you, then this tv will be perfect for you. It perfectly mimics the movie theater experience.For everyone else who prefers the experience you get when watching a movie on a sharp and vibrant screen like on a large iMac, than you should look elsewhere.------------------------------------------ UPDATE: August 28, 2012 -----------------------------------------It has now been slightly over a month since I returned my 65 inch VT50 in exchange for a Samsung ES8000 LED and I have absolutely NO regrets. Here are the main reasons why:1.  I did not mention this in my original review but the deciding factor on whether I replaced the VT50 was a specific experiment that I conducted.  Long story short, while watching a tv program with my family, I placed the VT50 at eye level on an entertainment stand and the ES8000 on the floor.  As before, both tvs were displaying the same content via an HDMI splitter.  From there I simply remained quite and watched to see which TV my family would spend more time watching. To my surprise, despite the fact that the ES8000 was at an uncomfortable level (i.e on the floor and hence below eye level) and 5 inches smaller than the VT50, each member of my family watched the ES8000 exclusively.  There was not even any going back and forth between displays.  They simply ignored the VT50.  When I brought this observation to their attention, they confessed that despite the larger VT50, the Samsung was just more pleasant to watch.Note that this experiment was done at night in a dark room.2. One of the most popular comments that I got on my review was the fact that the colors on the ES8000 are over saturated compared to the VT50.  After owning the VT50 for a couple of weeks, I can understand where others are coming from.  However, I would venture to say that the vast majority of people would prefer the slightly over saturated colors of the ES8000 over the VT50.  It's this slight over saturation that causes the colors to pop instead of appearing dull.  I will admit however, that this is really a matter of personal taste.  Fortunately, however, by just spending a few minutes tweaking the settings on the Samsung (CNETs settings recommended settings do a great job of this), it is possible to make the picture quality almost identical to the VT50.  Based on this fact, I liked the LED even more seeing that by adjusting the settings, I could get the best of both worlds.3. During the few weeks that I owned the VT50, I found myself having to lower all the window shades in my living room in order to watch the tv without any distracting glare.  So on a typical Saturday afternoon where it is nice and bright outside,  I had to have all my shades down in order to watch tv.  Doing so day after day just got a little bit depressing.  I did not want to feel like I was living in a cave in order to comfortably watch TV.  Since making the switch to the Samsung, I can now comfortably watch tv with every window in the house wide open!!