After seeing the 2012 HDTV Shootout, I decided that I wanted to compare the Samsung UN60ES8000 to this plasma.I hooked them both up in my living room to a FIOS DVR using the component and HDMI cables.  When something looked different, I would verify by changing cables to ruleout the cables.  Since the shootout said the THX Cinema or THX Bright Room modes were near perfect, I chose those for comparison.  The Samsung was put into either Natural or Movie mode (mostly Movie mode with adjustments using the patterns built in)PanasonicPros:Super wide viewing angle.Nice colorgreat black levelsCons:did not have the depth in 3DWhites looked light grey.Not as bright as SamsungNot as sharpHad no built in test patternsglare was impossible to counterLack of brightness in the colorsIn watching the night scene of Avatar where the the jackals find Jake and she extinguishes the torch and the whole forest goes psychedelic in color, the colors were accurate but they did not pop off the set even in THX Bright Room mode like they did on the LCD.  They really popped on the LCD.The 3D looked good but I could not get the depth of the 3D to look as deep as I could on the Samsung.  I found the Panasonic needed to be turned up all the way just to come up short of the Samsung's 3D in its default settings.Plasma did do slightly better on the blacks but I could not see its results in Sanctum or Avatar in their dark scenes.  I could see it on the test patterns but nowhere else.  In watching Despicable Me, the ending scene where they are trying to reach farther over the cliff, the plasma looked grey whereas the LED looked whiter.  I saw the same thing occur on commercials where the background was white.  Plasmas do not get as white as LED LCDs.I am not sure if I had a bad set or what but when I compared the credits on a movie and then the FIOS guide, I noticed that the Samsung had sharper lettering.  Also, the credits did not scroll smoothly.  they were stuttering in motion.  I then noticed the difference in sharpness it also in movies as well.  It looked like there was a fuzzing of all edges on the plasma whereas the LED/LCD had scissor cut edges.  Playing with the sharpness could not rectify the issue.  In going back to BestBuy, I saw this on their display, the 65 in and 55 in and several other plasmas.  I am not sure but it was as if the adjacent phosphors were glowing slighly weakening the edge.  Only looking at them side by side was it noticeable.  Otherwise both had pleasing pictures independently.I have 4 large windows adjacent to the set.  When viewing from the side, the brightness of the set could not handle the light coming in.  It was more of a mirror than a TV.  If I sat directly in front, anything that light was on, say items on the coffee table, would be reflected back in the set.  I like the glass over the soft screen of the LCD but it just could not handle the natural light coming in.The Samsung has its own issues that I described there.I will say that I only saw these differences because I had both sets in my living room under my conditions of use.  Your results might vary.  Had I not had them both in my home, I would have been very satisfied with either set.Having to choose between a rarely seen flashlight effect and poor sharpness on all the time, I chose the flashlight effect.  I have loved my 27' Panasonic for the last 10 years and probably would have loved the plasma too.Knowing each set's shortcomings I would not hesitate to recommend either.