Prior to purchasing this set, I was fortunate enough to own the PZ700 50' Panasonic Plasma from 2007, which Consumer Reports named the best flat panel TV they ever tested.  I loved this set, but after reading some overwhelmingly positive reviews and a sweet price point from Amazon, I decided to take the plunge.  Certainly not an easy decision, given my love for the PZ700.  After some early frustrations, I can say without question, the upgrade was a worthy one.So what has Panasonic done right with their flagship plasma series in the last five years?  Here's my take:First the obvious; the set is a lot lighter!  My old Panny was a monster clocking in at just under 100 lbs, but this one weighs about 66lbs with the stand.  The set has a very elegant look with a black border that is about an inch wide, and a silver bezel on the outside which is about a quarter of an inch.  On the back, the set sports inputs for 4 HDMI, 3 USB, 1 PC, and 1 component/analog input.  There's also inputs for cable coax, digital audio out, and ethernet.  Interesting how Panasonic has completely de-prioritized the component/analog settings.  My old set had 3, this has one.  Also, if you use a component cable, Panasonic has included an adapter which you plug all 5 cables into, with a tiny plug that goes to the TV.  Certainly a con to take note of if you have a lot of component/analog devices.Video is a nice step forward; additional detail in high def viewing is readily apparent; imperfections on people's faces can be seen with much greater clarity; blacks, while very good on the PZ700, are much inkier and darn near perfect now.  Colors are accurate and pop in a way my older, dimmer set could not. Let me mention my favorite enhancement; the set is MUCH better than my old one at shielding glare.  I have a tall lamp in the corner of my house that I refuse to move.  Problem is, it situates itself on the top right corner of the screen.  While I can still see it through the TV, the glare is reduced to such a level that I do not even notice it is there most of the time.3D viewing: a nice feature, but still pretty gimmicky (and costly).  Not a lot of adult content out there, as most 3D movies are kids movies.  I have viewed 3D versions of Avatar and Toy Story 3, and although the set does a commendable job, I do find 3D viewing to be a bit straining on the eyes.  Certainly not a fault of the set, as it produces a quality 3D image, but I do not believe 3D will truly take off until manufacturers find a way to ditch the glasses.  It also does not help that Panasonic does not include any glasses here, and they are $50 a pop.Audio: quite frankly, not as good as my previous set.  Some reviewers have complained about it sounding a bit tunnel-like, and while listening to some baseball broadcasts, I would agree; but overall, I think it sounds respectable.  It's a speaker/size trade-off; in order to keep a slim profile, Panasonic needed to install smaller speakers.  My old set had around 3 inches of black space on each side to accommodate the larger speakers- this one has just over an inch on each side.  I believe the tv speakers fill my room quite nicely, but I have a small place.  Those with larger living room environments will surely want to complement with some home theater.Ok, let me get my Comcast detesting rant out of the way.  Those who are blessed and do not use Comcast, feel free to skip this paragraph.  I hook up three devices to my set -a Comcast DVR, Panny Blu-Ray, and PS3, all via HDMI.  However, I would say about 80% of my viewing is for cable.  That said, I was having some serious buyer's remorse with this set, later determining it was of course, Comcast's fault.  When I first set this up, I was primarily watching cable.  And my early impressions were dwelling on an inconsistent image.  Still pictures with little movement looked amazing.  But a number of background images either looked blurry or pixelated, and motion fluidity was less than desirable.  An analogy would liken this to my brief stint in PC gaming; buying a computer with a great display and video card, but with no processing power to move the action along as it pushes the CPU.  Long story short, cable viewing was a big step down from my old set, which was previously connected via component.  But alas, I started to get wise, because when I watched blu-ray in 1080p, there was nary a picture problem to be found.  With the aid of some Google research, I came up with the following for Comcast users who connect via HDMI: power your DVR off, then press the menu button.  Go to 'HDMI/YPbPr Output' and change to 720p.  That's it, problem solved on cable viewing!  No more pixelation or focus issues.  The downside, of course, is that you are no longer viewing the maximum resolution your new TV can accept.  But in my humble opinion, 720p looks nearly as good as 1080p, and certainly better when the Comcast crapbox is involved.Some more setup pointers.  When adjusting your picture settings, use Custom.  The presets like THX bright room can give you a decent start, but if you like to do some armchair calibrating, use Custom.  What I painfully discovered, is that even if you have the same settings on two different modes (i.e. THX Cinema and THX Bright Room), the picture will look drastically different!  If you want to experiment, adjust THX Cinema to have the same exact picture settings as THX Bright Room; you'll discover that THX Cinema will still have a much dimmer image.I do not mess with the additional picture settings too much, but I did recommend changing these two:  change HD size to 'Size 2' from Aspect Adjustments as this will display the entire image.  Also, I recommend going to Advanced Picture and adjusting the motion smoother down to 'weak.'  Panny states that this setting reduces motion blur, but I was having some movement stuttering problems with this setting on medium.Finally, a word on Viera Connect.  This set has built-in wireless internet for viewing 'channels' such as Amazon, Netflix, MLB TV, Skype, and Facebook.  I have checked out the first three mentioned and the performance is pretty good.  I like that Panasonic has updated this set with a respectable processor, as navigating around Netflix and Amazon VOD is much snappier than their dreadfully slow blu ray players.  A word for those with dual band routers.  My experience has been that this set will show BOTH bands when you do a scan for wireless network.  And my unprofessional diagnosis is that when your router decides to use the other band (as mine frequently does), the Panny will drop your current connection, and you will be forced to select the other band (and re-enter a password if your network is encrypted).  Once I connect and use a channel, streaming works very well, but if I exit Viera and try to come back in, I get a connection error message.  Feel free to contact Panny support on this one, but after harassing them, I have been told it is a known issue; the set needs to figure out that there's two bands, but one network, and accommodate them simultaneously; hopefully, this will be addressed in short order with a firmware update.Kudos to Panasonic for offering flagship quality performance at a competitive price point.  Sound and Viera Connect quibbles aside, the VT50 offers superior value.Edit: thanks to all for your Comcast suggestions. I understand many of you have a decent 1080p setup. I actually have a newer model DVR, model # RNG200N that Paul mentioned. I did be interested to hear from other users with this box, and whether you have a video beef when 1080p resolution is used. Also, my router is a Linksys 4500.