The PANASONIC VIERA TC-P55VT50 Plasma TV provides a top-quality, detailed picture, and terrific value for your entertainment dollar. I purchased my set on June 13, and it was delivered on June 17 by CEVA. Delivery was straightforward, and trouble free. The service set up the TV, attached the stand, connected the main cables, etc. The delivery men were very personable and polite, a real high point of the day. We kept the shipping box, just in case. But I sure do not think we will be sending this beauty back to Amazon anytime soon. (One minor detail: the delivery men forgot to unpack the small remote control. After they left, I immediately checked the packing box. Indeed, it was there---no damage).There have been TWO price drops since I initially ordered my Viera. Amazon cheerfully credited my bank account with both credits. (I called Customer Service about the second reduction, and they displayed their typically courteous, helpful attitude. Personally, I have had had nothing but appreciation and respect for AMAZON'S business model, and efficiency. It is so great to do business with folks who really seem to care about the customer's satisfaction!)I will only echo the comments made by other buyers of this marvelous product. It is the best TV, so far, that I have ever seen or owned. This 55' model replaces an RCA 34' set that I had. So the dramatic increase in picture size is beautiful. But the image produced is so sharp and clear that I find myself absolutely taken aback by the beauty. There are so many choices to set this TV to your personal preferences. Out of the box, you should take the time to carefully evaluate all of the the picture setting options. For my (bright) room, I prefer the THX 'Bright Room' preset. I notice most others like something other than the plain vanilla factory default.Ease of setting audio/video parameters is intuitive, and really quite easy. Maybe a bit of trial and error until you find the exact adjustments that you want. But, I am pretty sure you WILL find what pleases you. The built-in DOLBY Surround Sound is good, not spectacular. However, in a smaller room this may be all you need to use. You can easily attach an external amp if you need one. The 3-D settings give several choices/modes of display. I bought PANASONIC's 3-D glasses (made specifically for the 2012 model year). The glasses provide a good image, using an active mode,  with adequate brightness. So far, I have just used the 2-D to 3-D conversion mode. I will buy some Blu-Ray 3-D discs soon. I'll wager that the resulting quality  of image will be above-average.The VT-50 has a fantastic look to it, and it MAKES the room that I have it in. I never thought that I did really buy a plasma set until I saw this one. AMAZON'S price is the lowest I have found anywhere. The delivery being included is a major bonus. I also invested in CANOPY'S 5-Year extended warranty (at a reasonable price---check it out) for even more peace of mind. I honestly do not think that you could find a better TV, with a better picture on the market today. Take the time to do your research. Read the CNET review (and others). Download the OWNER'S MANUAL and HELP GUIDES from PANASONIC'S website before you buy. Not only is this product the new state-of-the-art in plasma TV entertainment, but it promises to be one of the best-engineered sets to ever come out of Japan, or anywhere else. KUDOS to PANASONIC!!