Just received my Panasonic Viera TC P55VT50 on the 15th and am VERY pleased so far. Delivery and setup through Amazon and CEVA was superb with everything in fine working and cosmetic condition. This thing is beautiful BOTH on and off.  It connected seamlessly to my AT&T U-verse Wi-Fi network and 7.1 surround system featuring the awesome Pioneer Elite VSX-32 (1080p 3D compatible) with vintage Klipsch Forte speakers.  For the 100 hour burn in period, I chose to set the picture mode to `THX Bright Room' since the family room is normally on the light side.  After that I plan to try the `Custom' mode as suggested in Cnet's excellent review [...] or the one in Plasma TV Buying Guide here [...] with some tweaks of my own. I must say I was TOTALLY impressed by how 2D and 3D disc's looked on my Panasonic DMP-BDT210 3D Blu-ray DVD Player.  As I am still a novice with flat screen technology, I'll leave it to the experts to fill in the details. After almost a week, I can HIGHLY recommend this plasma TV. Will try to update as I learn more.Update 8/2/12:This thing really performs MUCH better after more than 200 hours or so. I fought with it to get the green out of the yellows for the first 200 hours, but now that it is got 500 hours or more, all colors are looking very natural from all my sources and the blacks still have amazing detail. Seriously, I can see how this TV earned THX certification, particularly with true HD sources (720p or 1080i) and Blu-ray (1080p). Those that gave up before the break-in period are loosing out BIG TIME. I tweaked the 'custom' settings using some of the suggestions from the AVS forum and those I previously mentioned and I seriously doubt a professional calibrator could do noticely better.  However, if you need retina scorching whites, get an LED LCD (like the excellent Vizio M3D550KD 55-Inch 240Hz LED/LCD I got my mom for her poor old eyes). But if you want exquisitely natural looking images, even in a moderately bright family room from one of the best TV's currently made, this is it!