I ordered this TV on June 7th best price around, no tax, free shipping & returns and I had it June 11th how can you beat that.  I did the e-schedueling via Amazon at check out so I had no contact with the delivery company (Pilot) until the actual delivery.  The Amazon price dropped by about 40 bucks the day after I ordered and Amazon price matched it with no issues.Delivery - I was scheduled for delivery on June 11th between 9am-12pm.  The delivery guy who was a sub contractor for Pilot showed up at 9am sharp, no call just showed up in my driveway.  I went outside to see if I could help.  The delivery guy was alone and did not have a lift gate, so I had to help him lift and remove the TV from his rented box truck, which I had no issues with, but If I were not an able body person this would have been an issue.  Much to my surprise the TV was stacked on its side standing up vertically in the truck, which I was not pleased with and had the delivery guy note on both copies of the delivery ship, the box has stacking instructions on every side and in large bold print, not sure why he did not follow the instructions.  Once inside he attempted to get me to sign and leave which I refused.  I told him that by Amazon policy I had to unbox and plug in the TV and inspect it for damage.  He was less then pleased with this but had no choice as I refused to sign slip.  No issues with the TV everything checked out, so I signed and he left.  I would give the delivery a 5 of 10.Setup - Could not be easier, 13 small screws to get the base and TV together and then lifted it onto the entrainment stand.  Plugged in the HDMI cable and powered her on then went through the Panasonic setup which is a few steps and takes about 5 mins which included WiFi setup.Picture - The default standard mode is way to dark and soft, I switched to THX Bright Room setting and have not changed it since.  I plan to have calibrated or use the Cnet calibrations settings in their review of this TV after about 150 hours.  The blacks are so very black and the colors are very accurate, currently watching the US Open and it looks amazing.Sound - Ok, but better then most TV's in this range.Apps - Nice features, love Pandora Radio and the MLB.TV app.Overall - A great plasma, and I was coming from a 7 year old Pioneer PDP-4340 plasma, which has been flawless for all 7 years.  That TV has been moved to the basement.The Panasonic has great quality construction, sleek looks, single pieces of glass is so sweet.  This will be the best plasma of 2012.