UPDATED 20 Jun 2012SHIPPING:  My TV was shipped through CEVA logistics.  I ordered the TV On a Saturday and it shipped on 11 June and arrived 14 Jun.  I received a phone call on 13 Jun about the timeframe for my delivery and they even called me before hand as a heads up they were in the area per my request.  One person showed up to deliver but needed no help getting it off the truck as he had a lift.  We brought in the house and he was very quick to explain we need to move to the kitchen before we set it down as it dirt on the bottom and wanted to avoid messing up my carpet.  He unpacked it and I helped bring it to the living room so he could check the screen for any damage.  Then he put the stand together and I just helped lift it on to the stand when ready.  Took a total of 15 minutes once in the house, he stayed while we turned on the TV to check for any internal screen damage, and he also ran through the initial set-up with me which took about 5 minutes.  I would say excellent shipping and service from CEVA.Price Match- A couple days after my TV was delivered the price went down $24 and Amazon refunded that difference.TV itself: This is my first Plasma as I had an LCD for the last 5 years.  Just out of the box it was as good as my LCD.  The design is very sleek and just looks great.  My only gripe is for a TV that is considered the Top Tier it does not have a swivel stand.  I turned it to THX cinema which for me so far has been good enough, but the TV can get MUCH brighter than that I am just doing an initial break in period before I tinker with it.  After about a week or so now of switching between this TV and the LCD in my room I can start to see the differences, how the colors are much more vibrant on this plasma, everything just looks so natural colorful.  The blacks on this TV are amazing very deep and rich, sports programs I have had no issue with and they have looked great (NBA finals, US Open).  I have watched a couple blu-rays and they have looked good as well and I have no even calibrated it to my preference yet.If you fancy yourself a TV expert that will want to calibrate, this TV has many many options to do so.  It also has about 12 presets to include (Home Theatre, Game, Blu-ray, and DVD etc) then you can also customize those settings and it saves those changes.  It does not have an actual GAME mode but you can tell the differences pretty clearly.  Under the Viera tools and E-help you will find much more information on each setting than the book just to point that out.  But this TV is definitely worth the price tag in my book.I have my TV in a living room with a couple windows and it has done really well as far as being affected by the light and reflections.  It really has not been much different than my LCD (both same size 55').  Of course at night it is even better which is what I have read.  There are 4 HDMI connections, a connection attachment for 1 component as well and 3 USB ports.  Also has a digital out for your audio and one of the HDMI ports is HDMI-ARC) the sound is Ok for this TV with its built in speakers, but I have it connected to my surround sound so I usually keep the volume at about 10.3D-I have not tried since I do not have any glasses, but 3D is not really appealing to me.OVERALL: Every day that goes by I notice something better about this TV over my last, the picture just looks so good (Just calibrated it to CNET review settings and it looks amazing).  I read a ton of reviews before making my decisions and sealed the deal after seeing one in person at a BB.  If you want an Awesome TV with lots of control over the picture then I think this is a very Solid Choice.  Again this is my first plasma so it is hard for me to compare against competing plasma's but vs. my SAMSUNG LCD it is not even close at this point.  It's at a very good price right now for this VT version so should be an easy choice if you like having the best.