I bought this TV from Amazon about 3-4 weeks ago. I had been looking at getting a new TV since my 6yr old 42' Philips Plasma was not cutting it for me anymore. I almost bought the VT30 but saw all the high praise and reviews from CES 2012, so I decided to wait. This TV is better than Samsung, sharp, LG, sony , TCL, Toshiba or vizio. While I cannot review on the VT30 the VT50 is an absolutely amazing tv. Before I give my review I would like to mention that the shipping company Amazon used to ship the TV was excellent. They were very careful and took their time opening and showing me that the tv was in perfect condition.Pros:This tv has many pros that have already been discussed. The black levels are incredible. I have not calibrated the tv yet but just using the cinema THX mode, the black levels are very good. I know many people with the Pioneer Elite and Kuros and this TV stands up with them no problem. The color reproduction is clean and not overbearing in the THX mode. In gaming mode the colors are a little too bright. Watching golf in HD with gaming mode the grass looks almost neon. I have watched several video sources including BD, DVD, broadcast TV (SD and HD), Divx, and streaming, and the TV does a fantastic job of scaling. Comparing the Netflix on the TV vs my HTPC the TV streaming Netflix looked alot better than my HTPC. The Viera Connect apps are amusing but nothing I would use regularly. In Full mode I get perfect 1x1 pixel mapping with my HTPC (DVI to HDMI connection) which I never had before with my old Plasma. I must say it looks way better. I can not comment on 3D yet as I do not have glasses but other reviews show that the active shutter technology on this TV works fantastic.Cons:I will just list out some weaknesses as Cons seems to harsh for this TV.-I have my VT50 mounted on the wall and the wireless card seems to not great signal. I lose wireless connectivity sometimes and have to run the connection test to get it back. Once you are using Netflix or something it is stable-For how much this TV costs I would have expected to get atleast a pair of 3D glasses-As others have mentioned the speakers arent the greatest on the TV, but most people I would assume like myself would use a surround sound system of some sort-There is a decent amount of glare on the TV if you have a lot of light in the room. It's not overly distracting but just be aware if you have alot of light or windows in your room-The Viera App for Iphone and Android while it is a cool app, the reliability stinks. It rarely picks up my VT50, but when it does it is pretty cool to be able to sling pics and vids from my Android phone right to the TV.Although not a con it would have been great if they had a wireless adapter for the optical output on the TV. You can connect a Toslink optical cable to the TV out to an AV reciever or soundbar, but if you already had a mount on the wall and cables already ran into wallplates like I did it makes for more of a messy install to run that line.Tip: Just wanted to add this in there as a note. I am using the component input which is an adapter on the TV. The default for the tv sets that to VIDEO and not Component so when I was trying to watch cable it wasnt coming through. They tell you in the instructions how to change that setting in the menu, but for those who do not read the instructions, like myself, that is what you need to change to get Component input to work correctly.This TV has become a perfect edition in my living room and everyone who see's it thinks the picture is amazing. I highly recommend this for those who really want the top of the line in the Plasma market.