I am NOT a professional reviewer as many here are, so take what I say with a grain of salt. (And I have only owned the TV for a couple of weeks)This is my first plasma TV. I was choosing between a Samsung 60e8000 and a Panasonic 55vt50. Both are nice, I picked the Panasonic only because I have had better luck with their equipment, with the exception of a bulb eating Panasonic LIFI LCD TV I owned. The picture is great with real fine detail, better than expected.  I had to bump the picture brightness level up a bit from standard (as shipped) to cinema to make up for the ambient light level in the room.  3D is 3D ish.  I am not a fan.  I watched about twenty minutes of a Johnny Depp 3D 'Pirates' movie before removing the glasses and switching to 2D. I do not like wearing my reading glasses either.  I am sure the kids and grandkids will love it when they are over.  The TV ships with no 3D glasses, strange.  The 'new for 2012' 3D Panasonic glasses are on Amazon at a reasonable price in the largest of the two sizes available, medium. Glare can be a problem with plasma TV's and to a somewhat lesser degree, with 'up level' LED TV's.  Less of a problem than expected.Blur of fast moving objects on my 240Hz LED TV is not an issue with this plasma TV.  I did note some while viewing 'Pirates' in 3D with glasses on.Connectivity or lack thereof, is my only big complaint. Seems to plague Panasonic and Samsung up level plasma TV's.  Why does an entry level TV have enough jacks on the back so that you could hook the space shuttle up to it, and Panasonic chose to give you 4 HDMI jacks, 1 'combined' component/composite AV jack, 1 'combined' cable/antenna jack, and no S-video jack of any type?  I still have a Panasonic S-VHS recorder, camcorders, a WII game and I do not think I should need a combining amp for off air and cable TV connections. I have a Denon AV receiver that will convert any video signal to HDMI. Although it is a great sounding amp, video conversion is anything but seamless.  You lose scan and still picture functions, and there is a list of other video issues. I prefer not to use the receiver every time the TV is in use. The TV speakers work just fine for many things. Do I want to watch The Weather Channel with 5.1 channel surround sound? Hummm.  3D Blu-ray players mostly have one HDMI connection. Do I want here Bert & Ernie in full surround? A new Panasonic BDT500p Blu-ray player solved that problem with two HDMI output connections. HDMI is a  amust have' for DTS-HD Master Audio, etc., between Blu-ray player and receiver. ' subtract one star, connectivity'  That's my rant on that.Shipping: Pilot delivered this TV with one man. I helped carry the box up the stairs rather than watch it being dragged up. He did everything required, offered to remove the box, plugged it in to check power up. He was a little late, but called ahead to say he would be.CEVA delivered my last TV. They had two men, so the stairs were no problem. They did everything required.  They also attached the TV base and placed it on the stand. A little thing I know, but that two minutes of time was a great help to me.