This tv is the reference tv for critics this year. my friend who works at a av shop has had several of these returned due to loud fan noise. The fans enginers are loud, they hum on most models. but it is not so loud that you would hear it while their is volume on your tv. but if there's a silent moment you will hear huma huma huma, barely.  still this does distract some evidently.  noone else is mentioning this but it is that way on every tv. so while watching a silent scene you'll hear that slight hmmn nmmma hmmma noise. panasonic said that they had to install these type of fans which are louder to due to the fact that the tv is so thin.  if you do not believe me turn off all volume on your speakers and sit in front you will hear something.  I do not care about wify and all that stuff but the picture is the best ever seen on a tv. And that's not just my opinion , the blacks are the best, the picture is the most natural , the tv is ultra slim and light too. The tv has many features on it and it does 24 frames per second so that your blu ray looks correct and less jerky. It has 2500  hz motion smoother that really works well on movies. that you are using on a blu ray at 24fps. if you use the motion smoother on cable or a dvd that is not a blu ray it will cause jerky motion. So it is only for use on blu rays or live sport events in hd at most. even then a blu ray that is not set for 24fps will then be overcorrected and jerky. You set the 24 frame per second on your blu ray player then set on advanced settings under picture 94 hz. there is another setting for when you use the tv as a computer screen. al input 1080p , if you are not using the tv as pc screen then do not set that to on. the ambient light control that responds to your room lighting will make the tv fainter if the overhead lights are on. I turned that off. the mosquito option is a good one for keeping off noise artifacts. It took me a day to figure out these aavanced controls. As the manual does not tell you about them. Take my word on it though , only set motion smoother when using blu rays set at the dvd player at 24fps. This tv is wirelsss and lan ready too. So you can connect to the net with it, but I would not use this as my pc screen.  I would NOT do the 3-d feature though on any show that is NOT in 3-d. Use the 3-d for 3-d film and tv and do not bother with it otherwise. Few people do this but it is not what a 3-d tv was designed for really. (watching non 3-d in 3-d) this tv is expensive but for at least the next 8 years at least, it should be well worth using as your main tv,  even if they go to higher resolution their is no medium of anything at that resolution anyway!.  oled tv is here now but like led it is much brighter than plasma and the picture will never be as realistic as what you see on this one.  I do not plan to grab another tv for at least 8 years or more so I grabbed this fantastic set.  Will next years model be better than this years? sure. But there come a point where you have to settle on a great tv and just stay with it for many years. This is that tv. And frankly my 2009 vt-10  was that tv. I had no reason other than the lack of 3-d to go on to this model that's how good vt plasmas are. This is worth your money and with it is excellent picture and 3-d feature this IS good enough to be your main tv for many years to come. It has antiburnin features and improved gas elements too. This set leaps forward from the past plasmas in that regard. So this is another break in tech power to hold you over for many  years.  Sure wall and window tv's will be here in the future for  you to buy. But for absolutely the best most realistic picture you will want a panasonic plasma for your living room tv.