My VT50 arrived a little over two weeks ago and I feel that I am now familiar enough with it to write a review. This review is for the 55' model.The VT50 replaced my 50' G-Series Panasonic plasma from 2010.  While I liked it just fine, it was a tiny bit too small, had a bezel that got uglier over time, and suffered from floating blacks, which was very annoying since my primary use of the display is watching Blu-Ray content in the dark.  I had been anxiously awaiting the release of the VT50 - so much so, that I ordered one without seeing it first, reasoning to myself that if I did not like it, then I would not be satisfied with any TV this year.The VT50 arrived.  Once unpacked and set up, I marveled at the TV before I even turned it on.  Was this TV really made by Panasonic, the company known for being helplessly behind the competition is terms of industrial design?  The svelte single sheet of glass design is beautiful.  The VT50 takes the design introduced with last year's clunky VT30 and trims it down to perfection.  The bezel is much smaller than Samsung's E7/8000 and much more attractive in my opinion.  It features a nice silver trim around the edges and a classy stand with a silver/black gradient.  I can see how the silver edge might be a problem in a very bright room, but I really like it.But design is secondary, is not it?  Picture quality is why anyone buys a flagship model and the VT50 more than delivers. Panasonic has made major improvements over 2011 models, with a new driving method, redesigned panel, and improved filter. Once initial set-up is done, the TV defaults to standard mode, which looks awful - dull and lifeless with egregious line bleed.  Thankfully there's an easy fix - this a THX certified display, and new for 2012 Panasonic includes two separate THX modes for 2D viewing - THX Cinema and THX Bright Room.  These modes look great out of the box.  THX Cinema is what I mainly watch with, although I sometimes use Bright Room mode, albeit with contrast scaled back to 80.  Compared to the THX mode on my last Panasonic, the mode here is much improved and lacks the greenish push that I noticed before.  I think rather than try to eyeball it, since I am not a calibrator, I am going to leave it in THX mode sans any adjustment and pay someone to calibrate it later this year.  Compressed satellite HD actually looks surprisingly great, image processing is top notch here and is good at masking artifacts from less-than-stellar feeds.  Definitely better than my old Panny.  The picture also has a characteristic that is hard to describe - perhaps 'smoother' is the word I am looking for here; it just looks incredibly natural and effortless in subtle color transitions and gradients.  I suppose that can be attributed to Panasonic's claim of improved shades of gradation.The real test, however, was when I turned off the lights and fired up the Blu-Ray player.  The home menu on my Sony Blu-Ray player is a light gray, which is great for testing panels for flaws in uniformity.  Knowing problems with banding, blobbing, and splotching Panasonic had with last year's model, I nervously inspected every part of the panel.  No anomalies to be found, whew.  I pressed play and ended up sampling a variety of content, and the VT muscled through all of it with incredible prowess.  The black level here is impressive - I have seen a VT30 in the dark and this rightfully trounces it. I have also seen an E8000 in the dark and it can not get quite as dark as the VT.  Letterbox bars blend into the bezel.  Thanks to the deep, dark blacks the VT50 is blessed with incredible contrast.  Images have an abundance of pop and lifelike depth, and recall the tangible realism produced by later-generation Pioneer plasma panels.  Motion is natural, cinematic, and artifact-free when the 4:4 pulldown 96Hz mode is engaged.  I do not notice any flicker either.  It should also be noted that I have watched enough on it to verify that the image is rock-solid - no floating blacks, fluctuating brightness, no distractions. Just a beautifully rendered, film-like image that pulls you in.3D performance: Using THX Cinema 3D mode, the 3D image looks great.  This is the first 3D TV I have owned but I have seen plenty of 3D on other flat panels and some projectors.  96Hz is unavailable here.  Great sense of depth  and minimal crosstalk, although I do notice some in higher contrast scenes.  This can be somewhat remedied by switching from 60 to 48Hz mode, but it introduces some annoying flicker.  I tested using Blu-Ray content like Ultimate Wave Tahiti 3D, Hugo, Tron:Legacy, Arabia 3D, and the Adventures of Tintin 3D.  2D>3D conversion is still unimpressive, even after making 3D adjustments, but I suppose it is not too bad considering the display is doing the conversion on the fly.  Not a big deal.  Please note that Panasonic does not include glasses in the box for North American sets this year.  Yeah, it is a bummer, but the good news is that this year Samsung's cheap SSG-4100 glasses are fully operational with the VT50.  I own a pair and a pair of the official Panasonic-made TY-ER3D4MU glasses, and performance is identical, although I find the Panasonic glasses have bigger lenses and are more comfortable.One thing I did not test much is the Viera Connect platform.  I poked around a bit, and it seems largely identical to the interface on my BDT310 Blu-Ray player but with the addition of the web browser.  Since the VT50 has a dual-core processor it is quite a bit snappier loading apps and navigating between them, however.  Panasonic includes a touchpad remote to make web browsing easier but I found it a bit awkward to use, and while the web browser is decent, I do not see myself ever using it.  I do not want to browse the web on my TV, but for those that do, it is not bad.So while I generally try to shy away from giving products five-star reviews, I have a hard time finding anything bad to say about the VT50.  The only thing I can really knock it for is the anti-glare filter - while it is incredibly effective, it does compromise the vertical viewing angle of the TV. I am assuming it functions by absorbing ambient light from above and below the panel and rejecting it, resulting in a darkened image from above or below.  The horizontal viewing angle is not compromised, so I certainly do not think it is worth taking a point away, especially considering that neither I nor anybody I know watches TV sitting below the screen or standing above it.All told, the VT50 is, simply put, the best plasma Panasonic has ever made, and represents more than a minor improvement over the VT30. Panasonic has set the bar not only for themselves, but has left Samsung in the dust this year.  While Panasonic focused on drastically improving image quality this year, Samsung seems content with making minor improvements while adding a camera and frustratingly stupid gesture control to their plasmas.  Highly recommended!