First off, I ordered the 65' VT50 from Amazon, and the delivery process was as smooth as the one sheet of glass that covers this TV.  Simply put, it was flawless: the delivery occurred precisely at the time stated, the television was unpackaged (to confirm no cracks or other visible damage), turned on (to confirm that it worked and that all pixels were firing).  This is the second television in this price range that I have purchased from Amazon, and both experiences have been excellent.  I would not be surprised if every other TV I buy going forward will come from Amazon.With respect to the TV itself, the housing of the television is aesthetically pleasing.  In an ideal world, there would not have been the metal strip around the bezel, but I understand that Panasonic has to dress up their flagship model to differentiate it from the ST50 and the GT50.  They wanted to give the television a sense of occasion, and I get that.  At the end of the day, it is not very noticeable and is not really an issue.  The one-sheet-of-glass design looks great and really makes the television look impressive, even when it is not powered on.  The profile of the TV is also very thin and sleek.  All in all, it makes a fine aesthetic addition to any room.The real question, of course, is how is the picture?  The picture is beautiful.  My last television was a Pioneer Kuro 6020, and so my review of the VT50 is basically a comparison of the two sets.  I cannot A/B them side by side because the Kuro stayed with a house I just sold (the buyer smartly insisted on keeping the Kuro as part of his full-price offer on my house, so I could not say no), but, working off memory, I think the VT50 compares favorably to that most legendary of television sets.  Does it match the Kuro's picture?  Honestly, I do not think I can say it does.  There was just something very special about the Kuro's black levels, its detail, its ability to both present a natural picture that also had 'pop.'  The VT50 comes very close to this, and I would say it is about 95% there.  The Panasonic's blacks are excellent, and the colors are vibrant and natural.  Echoing a previous review on this page, I agree that a bright room does present a glare challenge for this TV, and my room unfortunately places a wall of windows facing the TV.  I will keep the VT50, however, because I mainly watch TV at night and I just hate LED/LCD televisions (it is just a personal preference).  I think one can believe the hype that the VT50 provides the best overall picture of 2012.  The 3D picture is also very good.The extras on the TV all seem nice, but I did not buy the TV for them, so I have not explored them too much.  The menu and settings are all pretty intuitive and easy to navigate and control.  Panasonic did a very good job with this TV.