I want to first say that this is a great looking PLASMA TV, perhaps the best plasma on the market today. The black levels are excellent (as with most plasmas), colors are bright and the picture is crisp.Out of the box Panasonic has some work to do on the initial picture settings as compared to other manufactures. This TV scared me at first, as the initial power on looked extremely dark and dull, not something you want to see right away when spending nearly 4k on a TV! With a little tweaking you can easily get the black level, contrast and color to an acceptable setting which will make the set look fantastic.  After setting the initial levels and using this TV for 100 hours you should get it professionally calibrated for your room. Yes it will cost you $200-$400 depending but when spending this kind of money on such a high performance HD TV you really need to just bite the bullet.Aesthetically the VT50 looks great! It's sleek and has a nice looking stand (does not swivel). All the HDMI ports and other ports are on the left side of the TV (if you are facing the front of the TV) and are really close to the edge of the set. Anyone wall mounting might have trouble hiding cables depending on the space behind the TV.This is the only negative you will get from me and ultimately it is the reason I am sending this TV back to Amazon: If you have a bright room or a room with a lot of natural sunlight you will get a glare on the screen and it may seem too dark. I live in a large townhome in an end unit and have 2 large windows and a large sliding glass door. During the day its really frustrating seeing the glare in the screen and feeling like the picture is too dark to watch. Compared to my Samsung LED which this replaced the glare is terrible. Furthermore watching at night I have a lamp on an end table and I can visibly see the reflection of the light from the lamp in the TV. It's for this reason and this reason alone I am not keeping this TV.  When I watch the VT50 at night I am truly blown away by the picture quality!The features on the set are the same as all smart TV's on the market right now, but it does not have a camera like the new Samsung's. All the apps are the same and you can download and install whatever you want....The 3D is the best I have seen in any at home TV yet. Far superior to the 3D Samsung has in their LED TV's though I suspect it is just the difference in technology from plasma to LCD.Some people asked about a buzzing sound and I have to be honest. When you step right up to the TV (within 2 ft) you can hear a very quiet buzz. As soon as you walk away you do not hear it at all. It has 2 rear facing fans and depending on your rooms acoustics and if its wall mounted you may hear them run slightly in a completely quiet room. That being said, if you purchased this set you better have surround sound anyway and you will NEVER hear it.The VT50 does get hot when you are watching it. If you stand next to it after some use you will notice the heat. This is not really a problem unless you are in a small confined space (which you should not be with a TV this large). All plasmas give off heat and take more power to run, it is just the nature of the technology.Lastly a lot of people have been raving about the 'THX Cinema' and 'THX Dark Room' video settings on this TV. I honestly feel as though both settings look washed out and lack color. The bright room setting is really bright and in my living room makes the picture look almost grey. I think Panasonic made the bright room setting for people with a lot of light but I can tell you first hand if you have a bright room you do not want this set.Many people may complain that this TV does not come with 3D glasses. I personally would rather pay less for a TV and decide if I want to purchase the glasses myself or just not use 3D at all. There really is not a lot of 3D content and if you are buying 3D blu rays like its xmas you can afford he glasses. Also as a side not the 2012 Samsung 3D glasses do work with the VT50.Bottom line, if you have a lot of light you may want to consider some other options before pulling the trigger.(UPDATE 1: 5/29/12)After about 50-60 hours this thing is really starting to look better and better! I have until the 9th the decide if I am going to keep it but I can tell you that I am blown away by the quality after letting it settle in a little longer! I will probably keep it. The glare is still a concern but every TV has its caveats, I would much rather have some glare then irregular blacks and hot sports from a edge lit LED.