Pilot freight services delivered my unit May 8th, 3-days sooner than advertised. While I was apprehensive about set-up, an HDMI (not included) and power cord were all that was needed to start watching programs through my receiver.  I am a big guy, so hefting the TV onto its base was not such an ordeal, but I will note that most people will need help with this chore. I opted not to put it on the wall due to its weight and my living room's space restrictions (not to mention the extra price/non-availability of a wall bracket). The pedestal required a Philips screwdriver to construct and does not swivel in the slightest. Upgrading to 65-inches, I do not miss that feature.The viewing experience is as advertised. Out of the box, the VT50 is set very dark. Unless the unit will be placed in a home theater, you will need to use a custom or the 'THX Bright Room' setting. At any setting, however, you will note the incredible degree to which blacks are displayed. I tested some modifications while watching a MLB game broadcast in HD. Its difficult to describe the 'new' shades of black and grey that I could discern on this set, but I can say that I never saw them before. Every detail that I thought of or tried to see was simply: there. The one sheet of glass addition is gorgeous, though when the TV is on it kind of disappears. Simply put, I have never seen a better looking plasma display.VIERA functionality is running wirelessly and almost seamlessly through my Netgear N900. Every app I have tried (I am not a subscriber to anything like Netflix, so I do not know how well pay apps function) loads quickly. The on board browser is ever so slightly slower than one on a dated laptop I have got, but every web-page loaded without issue. I found streaming videos from a networked PC not to work unless I ran them from a my X-box 360. I can only assume that this is a codec issue.The speakers are 'Meh'. At this level of monitor, you better already have standalone speakers running through an amp or your missing out. Form factor-wise, the included speakers and woofer melt into the VT50's body. Frankly, I would not have known they were there had I not read the specs. Additionally, and this probably can be attributed to my Pioneer receiver or an HDMI bug, you cannot listen to the set's speakers and your externals at the same time.The touch-remote is a nice addition, but responsiveness and fine movement leave a little to be desired. It's not a laptop/ipad... er, pad. I have got an android smart phone that quickly synched with the VT50 and functions better during internet browsing. Media transfer from the TV to the phone was a button click away, however, going the other way around has escaped me for the moment. Attempts to 'flick' a pic or .mov from my phone all end in a triangle inset with an '!' on the TV. There's probably a work around, but I am a little disappointed it did not work out of the box.On the disappointment front, I feel obligated to express mine at the lack of 3D glasses included at purchase. I knew that going in, but never the less, it still stings not to have the ability to test such a significant function of the VT50. At around $3,800 I think I have earned at least one pair. Additionally, do not let some idiot at your local big-box store attempt to sell you last years glasses (not that this happened to me, even though it did). The VT30 & VT50 are incompatible.Finally, I live in Colorado and my front door opens at 6,170 feet-ish. My previous plasma was built in 2003 and did not like this altitude. It ran hot and buzzed incessantly. 15-min of use and you can feel the heat escaping the top of the VT50's rear vents with a wave of your hand. It does not heat my living room after being on for an hour or buzz at all like my previous set, but I'll be sure to update this review if anything changes. Panasonic's own tech support sent me an email before I purchased it, ensuring me the all their plasmas were rated to 8,000ft, and a local specialist told me that I did be safe up to 11,000ft.To be clear: I took a star off my review due to the lack of included glasses at this price. It's like buying a pick-up truck and being told that the lever/toggle switch for your included 4-wheel drive is an extra. Bad marketing Panasonic, bad.  Other than that, and the odd Android functionality, I cannot recommend this Plasma any more than if I were to post a picture of me hugging it. The P65VT50 is truly fantastic.  While I cannot speak for a comparison between this set an a comparable LED, I would figure the LED to be brighter. But if you do most of your TV watching at night, as I do, I did stick with the Plasma.