This is essentially the best Plasma TV Period for last year updated for the year 2012. Panasonic has taken the same model the 'VT30' and made it better and faster largely improving the smartTV aspect.Upgrades over 'VT30':Touch pad controller. This is obviously designed to combat LGs motion remove (like a Wii controller) and Samsung voice controls. Out of all of these I dislike Panasonic the most. Unless you love laptop mouses, you probably will too.Web-browser. This is not were it needs to be as far as usability, but they are definitely going in the right direction. I still find that I use my computer for web browsing as it performs more and does it quicker. Also along the same lines though the VT50 now has built in WiFi which I prefer over the wasted external connection of last year.The new color filters and processing. The color and black and whites on the VT30 were already to die for, this series does it even better. In a time when TV are slowly becoming computers, the VT50 has endless software/hardware to help fine tune all your images to crystal clear quality. The blacks somehow get blacker than black, the white are so clean, and it works well in low or high ambient lighting. The sound is even great for a pencil thin TV. It is better than Samsung, sony, sharp or even LG tv. It makes YouTube videos smoother. It make splits 24p frames to make the transition of imagines cleaner. It does everything better.The VT30 is by no means a bad TV. It is still a great TV and definitely worth buying. The VT50 is just the younger brother that came along and broke all of VT30 records.My positives on this TV are almost everything.The cons:The touch pad controller. It takes the worst part of a lap top and brings it to your home TV.The price obviously is hard to take down.The web-browsing and smartTV is getting better, but they still operate slower and less adequate then they should be. Maybe another year or two and this technology will be refined.*Update: 5/9/12:I will say that I was too negative of the touch pad remote. Although I still stand by the statement that it was not the best TV remote, It does make web browser much more familar and operate smoother than a traditional remote.I also have now played a little bit of Call of Duty on the PS3 on this TV, and let me say it performs fast and beautiful. Did a little research and found out that this TV has 1080 resolution in motion which is why it looks so much cleaner than any TV I have ever seen.I never commented on the sound before because I instantly hooked up surround sound without a second thought. The built in sound is to weak for a TV of this size as the TV will fill the room with picture but not with sound.