Ok so let me get to the point , I had purchased a ST 50 from amazon and had no issues with the TV. But girlfriend wanted to try a Samsung es7500 55' so we did and returned the ST. The Samsung was good but not 1,000 dollars better ,superior styling but color was not good & motion problems. Anyways I decided to buy back the ST , found it for 950 tax free at pauls TV . Sent my girlfriend to buy & make the order when the TV was delivered my girlfriend surprised me with a 55' VT 50 whoa !!! So happens she got a deal 1499 tax free delivered .  I was struck by the beauty of set mounted on the wall way better looking than the ST. Now here comes the issue when I set it up the picture looked extremely dim , I know that dimness depends on the setting so I switched to thx mode still dim but better. I told my girlfriend that I remembered the st being a lot brighter , with at least more vivid color. I mean the richness of color and depth of picture is what sets it apart from the LEDs , but The Vt seemed to lack it. I tried the thx bright room , the picture was better but it did not pop , or make you say wow. Pauls TV has a policy of 30 days return with a restocking fee or a ten day policy for exchange with no fee. As I did not want to return this set since it had to be better than the st , it is the top of the line , I looked up a review site & used their calibration. The color was more vivid but it had a lot of gradulation & artifacts with dark scenes . Long story I exchanged it for the ST 50 50' inch . And my feeling were correct , even in standard the st has a better picture than any of the setting on the VT 55' . Now being a man of reason I can not figure this out. Maybe I got a bad set , or maybe it needed 2 be calibrated which I could not do since I had to break it in , but it is hard for me to believe that the st out of the box picture blows the VT out the water , can not be . I am watching the matrix now , and it outs a smile on my face , I watched the same movie with the VT and I remember thinking man is this high def. so VT owners please comment and let me know what you guys think as I do not know what to think. The thought of me picturing this picture but better wrap around the VT styling is killing me. I knew that the set might be slightly dimmer but trust me , if you saw what I saw you would feel robbed .