Update 4 March-- STILL NOT WORKING AND NO REPLACEMENT UNIT PROVIDED. Most of this review is around the service experience for the TV, as I have not see it work yet, partially as that is a real factor in ownership satisfaction.The local service provider and Panasonic have now agreed that they do not know how to fix the TV. 3 service calls (5 hour windows I have to be at home for) and two separate times they have taken the TV back to the shop. They have it still. I was told today 2-3 weeks for a replacement unit IF they agreed to replace it. The service shop has done well at communication--Panasonic has no idea what is going on. Net-net, I would buy from another manufacturer if I could roll back time.The other learning was that the service center really let me know I should have bought it locally as they could have returned it by now. Amazon gives 7 days--that's it. It arrived with 3 days left on that window and you have to call the service company prior to return. The service company could not come for 4 days. Therefore, in my case a return to Amazon simply was not possible. As many local companies match pricing and Amazon charges for tax--I messed up ordering this online. Loud buzz coming from the TV since I bought it. I called Panasonic for help on the issue. Their support consisted of a very bored sounding lady asking me to do the basic things like turn off the TV speakers and try another HDMI port for the connection to the TIVO. Buzz persisted. They opened a support case and told me a local service company would call me in 3-5 days.Local tech company scheduled an appointment and came out (5 hour window). The tech did mostly Samsung by his own admission and screwed around in the back of the tv for an hour or so tightening screws on the boards. He decided it was a fan emitting the noise and ordered a replacement.A week goes by...The tech comes and installs the fan. The noise is still present. He moves on to more screw tightening and replacing the original fan. No joy. I convinced him to take the TV with him to get it fixed at their shop.A week goes by...All fixed. He brings the tv back and takes off. I plug in the TIVO and turn the TV on. Loud buzzing is present. Sigh. I call for an appointment with the same tech.He shows and calls Panasonic tech support as he is out of screws to tighten I guess.Pass on this TV, realize I got a bad one but it is not a great sign when local support can not help. They recommended that I take it back to my retailer. When they heard it was Amazon they were sad for me as it is a special delivery item and not something easy to return at all.Note, I have the 55inch version of the same TV also ordered the same day, delivered on the same truck. Works fine, a little dark honestly. I have installed latest firmware on both TVs, no noticeable difference.