Came from a Sony 43in Rear Projection LCD TV. The difference is astounding. I am not used to the clarity, contrast, and sharpness of this TV, and at times it can cause some fatigue issues for my eyes. It's like going from regular definition CRT to HD-LCD was originally. That said, I have not calibrated it yet, mostly just using THX Cinema setting for now. Do not use the speakers, do not use the remote short of looking through settings....or really much else of the built-in features...just the panel...and it delivers some amazing visuals. Ca not wiat to try it with blu-ray, but as a computer monitor it is sick...-------Update, only a few days later (2-6-2013, arrived Jan 30, for what it is worth)After playing Xbox on it for a few hours, I have some light image retention (fancy term for burn-in, but this is early on, so it should be temporary...) - I have since then learned that by default, for whatever reason, THX Cinema has the pixel orbiter disabled by default, without a way to turn it on - end result - roasted pixels. As I had heard that Plasma Display Panels (PDP) are prone to image retention, I have been watching for any signs of it. Now, 3ft away, and looking for it, I can see where some of the game graphics had burned in (thanks to the HUD functions within games these days!) - so, with that, the only utility that the TV Comes with scrolles black and white bars left to right, to attempt to 'burn off' the image retention. After this discovery, I looked again, and sure enough, Pixel Orbiter was still disabled. I went to another setting (Cinema) and started going through the settings to try and match it up to the THX Cinema settings, and turned Pixel Orbiter on there. As I was flipping back and forth, I noticed that now Pixel Orbiter is now not locked out, and I can turn it on. I do not know what I did, as I have even reset the TV to defaults to try and replicate...and it is still disabled. From my point of view, it is a bug in the firmware...So, now I have adjusted the settings again on another profile to try and 'torch' the display using the black and white bars. After a few run-throughs, it seems to slowly be getting better as the other pixels get aged more closely to the ones that are IR did. Makes sense...if you have something that fades with heavy use on a curve, no matter how slight the differences are, if you set it to apply the same juice to all of them, eventually they'll get closer in aging....With that, I have purchased a few DVD's that might make this an easier process, since the black and white bars run 15m max at a time, so you have to hang out with your TV while it does it, then do it again if needed, or exit the menus to avoid the issue from re-occurring with the TV's menu. Those are Disney's WOW and PixelProtector. One should be more oriented towards calibration, while the other should be more apt to image-retention issues.Anyhow, this update is more for anyone looking to purchase a VT50, thinking the burn-in issues of the past are gone. They may yet be gone, in the sense that it is not as permanent as a limb being removed, but, it does have image retention issues, which, coming from LCD, can be surprising how quickly/easily it can happen, and how stubborn it can appear to be to remove. That said, I am also posting this to future owners, to make sure they find a way to turn Pixel Orbiting ON, when there is static content on the screen for any length of time. I noticed the first night when I turned off the TV, that I could make our what was on the TV as I turned it off...15 minutes later. Granted, I have extremely good near vision (but too blind to drive without correction!) - but my point is, out of the box, the phosphors are very touchy...but will calm.So, as a recap:1. This TV is freaking awesome out of the box.2. Make sure you check that 'Pixel Orbiter' is turned on, so that it will help reduce Image Retention.3. If you have Image Retention, you can get rid of it, just it will take a while. This is the temporary version of burn-in, which is permanent, and does NOT go away...ever!Update 2-7-2013...Well, all that does not matter as it has smudges between the exterior glass and the interior panel. The smudges appear like someone bumped it with exposed skin and did not clean it off before assembly. Panosonic wants to send a repair person, but Amazon is shipping me a replacement and will pick up this one, no charge. Let's see how it goes. Kudos Amazon...Update (since then) - replacement panel arrived, this one is perfect. First thing I did was make sure the pixel orbiter is on, and after hours and hours of playing shooter-games, there's no image retention that I can see. Winner!