I had been researching TV's for over a year. It was time to replace my JVC DLP that has served me well for the past 7 years, but it was time to upgrade. I knew that I wanted a plasma due to the high refresh rates because I am a sports fan.  I looked at the Samsung 8000 series, the Elite which is just way to expensive for me and a few others, but I kept coming back to the VT50, the picture was just to good.  I purchased this tv as well as a Harmon Kardon sound system with high quality accessories from Paul's TVs.  I tried to get both Amazon and Best Buy to price match, but neither would price match the other places that I was looking at.  I am very satisfied with Paul's TV's service and the included white glove service, they even price matched after the purchase as prices went down.The TV arrived, and I unpacked it and set it up, which was easy.  The picture was great right out of the box, THX Cinema is the best preset in my opinion.  I was a little bit worried that this tv would not be bright enough as my living room can get a bit of sunlight, but I found that the THX Bright Room was far to bright for me!  I was totally shocked and pleased by this.  I then set up the Custom picture using settings that I got from a couple of internet sites that reviewed the VT.  I made a couple of minor tweaks that better suited me, and I am absolutely blown away at the picture.  The colors pop and are syrupy, the picture is crisp and the blacks are absolutely amazing!  I can not believe the color and picture of this set, and I am so happy I bought the set that I wanted.  It does have some flicker with a screen full of whites, but you have to look for it.  As I am typing this review, I am watching it and I am so happy and excited that I have made this purchase.I also had to add this.  I was looking at maybe using slides to age the phosphors, but have decided to just watch and enjoy the tv and change the channel every once and a while to get the streaming tickers off of the screen for a while.I have used the 2D to 3D a couple of times, and what can I say, its cool that the TV processes 2D to 3D on the fly.  It's not amazing, but it adds to the viewing experience without a doubt, and I have have been using and enjoying it.All in all, the TV is not perfect, but it is well worth the $1,629 that I paid for it and would do it again.UPDATE:  I love this TV more now that I did in the first week of owning it.  The Harmon Kardon 770 that this TV is paired with is a great combo.  The 3D has my friends impressed, and I am spending more time in front of my new TV than I am on my fully customized Harley!