The TV is great and has a beautiful picture quality and the remote is easy to use.I was able to complete the installation in 5 minutes, except connecting to the Internet. Since the wireless connection failed, I tried wired and connected the TV to my router using an ethernet cable. That failed too. After some research, I wire connected the TV to my cable box directly and that worked. Then, I removed the cable from the cable box and connected it back to my router and that worked too. This made me wonder if there was a problem with my router - D-Link D655. Online research did not turn up anything about VT50 and D-Link conflicts.I asked for help at Panasonic support site. The help I received was the cookbook response, which did not help at all. I then called Panasonic support and the technician had me reset the cable modem and the router and the TV. This is when I lost my phone connection with the technician. So, I called back and ended up talking to another technician who for 5 minutes insisted that I was not entering my password correctly. I then demanded to talk to a supervisor because I was not going anywhere with her.The 3rd technician sounded good and asked the right questions. She had me reset the TV using the power and in 5 seconds the TV started connecting wirelessly and I was in business. Extremely happy I thanked her and claimed she was one of the best support people I know.Later on I turned my TV off and when I turned it back on - no connection. It seemed that the TV did not save the settings. I repeated the steps that the last technician had me do but no luck.So, I called Panasonic again and repeated my story. The 4th technician said that she needs to escalate my case and I would get a call back in a day or two. That was 4 days ago and I have not heard from anyone.The TV is now connected to the Internet via wire. But, there is way too much wire on the floor and I want to go wireless. This is why I paid extra to have a WiFi TV. The TV is great but Panasonic support is pathetic. I am not sure if there is a problem with the TV or there is a problem with the connection.---------Updated 1/31/2013. The TV is still great. The support is not. The TV does not retain the wireless setting and each time I need to reset the power (press and hold the power button for 10 seconds).Panasonic support does not return call at all. Their support website replies are canned word-for-word. It is obvious they do not even read the message. 99% of the URL's in their email where you are supposed to click to get answer get 401 error.I will be exchanging this TV with another Panasonic for the 3rd time. If that does not work, I will return and get my money back.