This is not an advertisement for Abe's.  In short, I did buy from Amazon next time...  read below...I finally completed my basement so to pat myself on the back I decided for 'big'. I wanted videophile quality so I decided on the TC-P65VT50 or Viera 65' Plasma 'top of the line'.  I chose it because at Best Buys it was side by side with Sony Bravia XL, LG, Samsung and it appeared 'to me' to provide the nicest colors, brightness, and black screen.  I am not an expert so excuse my 'everyday' terms.  One guy told me that Plasma's were heavy and very hot. (I totally agree now but i do not care. More later)So now I have to decide where to purchase this.  If you shop, you'll find it of course at Amazon and at many other discounters.  I selected Abe's of Maine.Why?Amazon:  2,999 to 3,199 (fluctuating weekly) free shippingAbe's:  2,675 free shippingAbe's listed a kit at 2910 which included:TVwall mounthdmi cablessurge protector2 year warrantyI figured that this was a good deal since with Amazon, I did have to spend another 400 to 500 on warranty + cable + wall mount.So I ordered it from Abe's.On a Sunday, I receive a call from Abe's requesting confirmation on the following(why call me on Sunday?):1. warrantyWarranty was for in-store so I would have to ship it in.  the store is in NJ and I am in MI.  BTW, there is no mention of the warranty limitations on the website, just check for yourself.  They sell me a 5 year mack warranty for 480.  This is after offering me 120/year and if I bought 5 years, they did charge for 4 years. (Bait and Switch?)2. ShippingIt was explained to me that the standard free shipping was with a standard freight forwarder. they do not care about the box positioning, i.e., they put it on a truck and drive - once they drive to your house, they just drop it off at your door where you sign for it. If there is a problem it is basically your problem - Abe's will not honor anything the trucker did.  So, they offer me white glove service at $250.  Since I bought the 5 year warranty, they split the difference so I paid $125.  With this service they ship it on a pallet, on the side, they carry the unit down into your cave, unwrap it, plug it in, then you sign for it.  (comment: this was pretty good service.  This is a heavy unit, a big box. I do not think my wife and I could have handled this alone. Just not happy with non-disclosure of all 'Abe's will not cover damage' on the web page. Buyer beware.)3. Wall mountThe wall mount which is in the package deal is a 4' or large gap wall mount. this means that there is a gap of 4' between the wall and your unit.  Because I bought the 5 year warranty, they gave me a slim wall mount (2') (which apparently costs more) in the place of the 4' unit.(comment: it worked well but it is flimsy thin gauge sheet metal.  If I were to to this again, I did recommend getting a unit that would extend out via a scissor unit.  The tilt feature is priceless so make sure that 'tilt' is a feature if you choose a wall mount. You can tilt out the ceiling light reflection. In case you ever need to sneak behind for anything, you can do it without lifting a heavy unit with two strong people. (again, buyer beware)4. HDMI cables.They threw in another 12' HDMI cable. (too long, but...)5. Surge protector.Part of the package. It is huge but very worthy.During the conversation, they asked me if I wanted a rack to hold my AV equipment for another 165, I declined.I then received a notice that everything was shipped including the AV rack.  I had to send a mean note demanding that they remove the rack and reduce payment by 165. (upsetting to have to correct these types of avoidable problems - not an easy buying experience for an experienced internet buyer.)This entire package ended up costing $3,500.If I had to do it over again, I did select Amazon, pay a tad more but not get bugged on Sunday, and I know exactly what I am getting without any human sales order entry errors, full disclosure on all products.  Plus I know that with Amazon, the guarantee is the BEST.OK, here is the product review which is short because I am so happy.The picture is great!The screen which is glass does reflect light but curtains and lights-out should do the trick.  Make sure your wall mount can tilt because you can tilt the TV so that when you sit in your lounge chair, the ceiling lights (if you have them) do not blind you.  I am so happy to have a tilting wall mount.The TV is heavy so you will need 3 normal or 2 strong people to lift it onto the rack.My AVR unit is a Marantz 5007 (purchased via Amazon!) and I configured it for Audio Return so I can receive audio from the TV back thru HDMI cable.  This minimizes the need for additional cables.The Red power light bugs me so I am covering it up with black electronic tape.  Reminds me of HAL-9000.Wireless: Do not connect to the ATT modem/wireless router, use a decent Netgear or equivalent wireless router.  I tried both and the performance is much better on a netgear.  I can access Hulu, Youtube, U-verse movies and enjoy 7.1 via the Audio Return.  It took a while to figure out but it works great.  Wireless is also nice for upgrades to the TV firmware.My Marantz can access internet as well but for internet radio only.  How lame I thought.Playstation is only used for Blu Ray and DVD player only.  I was using for internet access but due to heat, I am minimizing it is use.This unit puts out alot of heat and together with a Marantz 5007 + Playstation 3 (my Blueray, DVD, CD player), it generates enough heat to heat up 2 rooms downs stairs and it is 10F outside.  Last night, I had to crack the window so stay comfortable.Besides the order mess, the setup mess, the box take-down, the clean-up, the visa bill, I am a very happy camper.Feb 12, 2013:  This unit is the best thing ever.  I have spent night after night all alone with my new friend.  I intend to check into a mental institution soon but first I have to check which hospitals have the same setup as I do.  One day, they will find my body twitching in front of the TV.  CNN is fun to watch!