I am a snob when it comes to TV and picture quality.  I went back and forth between LED/LCD and this plasma to replace my fine old rear projection 60&#34; Sony SXRD TV.  LED (Samsung ES8000 was at the top of my list) had a brighter picture but I could not live with color reproduction and the inconsistent screen quality.  Plasma is older technology and problem with image retention and higher power usage.Based on the overall reviews on amazon and on the web, plus the desire to avoid problems with large purchase, this Panasonic TC-P65VT50 won out.  I have only had this TV for a week but I am pretty impressed with it.  You do have to adjust the picture to your taste but the blacks are deep and screen is very uniform and colors are just right on the money.  Color gradients are fairly smooth (LED TV are terrible at this).  The video processing is superb and it does not make everything appear soap opera-ish.  Pixel response is very fast.  Everything looks quite natural.As for power draw, my old projection ran at a fairly consistent 195 watts.  This Panasonic varies from 110-350 watts depending on how bright the image is (it makes my kill-o-watt meter as interesting to watch along with the TV).  The average would be about 230 watts.  Plasma works by adding light rather than subtracting light in the case of LCD.  That's why plasma have such deep blacks.Why the half star deduction?  The DLNA video streaming is a bit lumpy speed wise.  Subtle slow downs and speed ups is a bit perturbing.  The Sony PS3 handles the same video stream just fine.  The red power on LED in the front is a bit bright (I'll just cover that up some tape).  Moving your eyes off the screen quickly causes color separation like the DLP TV (relatively minor issue, do not do that).  Yes, the TV does emit a small buzz but only if it is a bright image and there's no sound at all.  Sound quality is a bit bigger than expected due to the &#34;mini subwoofer&#34; but I wish it was geared more towards the vocal range.  3D feature is good but not excellent due to some crosstalk.  All of these issues together did not detract enough to warrant a 4 star rating from me.All in all, I am quite happy with my purchase so far.  Only time will tell about longevity and image retention.  But the TV is quite impressive as it stands.