I read the reviews. I did tons of research. I pulled the trigger on this TV. And holy plasma, Batman, is this TV something else.I originally owned a Pioneer Elite from 2006 (well, still own I suppose) which was the best TV you could buy at the time. It's still going strong and looking great, but it is kinda on the small side (42') and I decided I needed to go bigger. But I still wanted the best, you know?Well, the VT50 makes my 2006 Elite look like a piece of junk.After the 100 break-in period with the break-in slides, I popped in the Avengers on Blu-Ray, and was immediately awestruck at the depth of the blacks, the detail reproduction, the vibrant color... I called my girlfriend into the room and said 'Hey honey, check out this picture.' At the time, the TV was sitting on the floor while I was setting up my home theater. She knelt next to me and we ended up watching the ENTIRE MOVIE on our knees on the hardwood floor. It was hypnotizing.I just can not get over it. It's like looking at a moving high-resolution photograph. You have to see it to believe it. Or just all read the other rave reviews.I suggest going to the AVS VT50 Settings forum and trying out some of the settings listed there, or going to CNET or Home Theater Magazine and trying those settings. One of them should make your display look fantastic. Or get it professionally calibrated. For a TV of this stature, do not just use the out of the box settings. It would be a waste.My only gripe is I did notice some very very minor non-uniformity in the whites, and when playing Journey on PS3 I noticed some light blotchiness in solid color backgrounds, but the non-uniformity is pretty much inherent in the plasma technology, and the blotchiness was barely noticeable. This is me nitpicking the near-perfect picture.At first I was not a fan of the silver bevel but after a few days of having it around a) I barely notice it and b) it is actually quite nice. The plastic stand feels kinda cheap but whatever.Oh and if you notice the picture getting darker as you approach the TV and view the screen from above, that is a result of the filter on the screen that reduces ambient lighting glare. This is normal for this set. I did not know that when I went to inspect the set at Best Buy, and the clerks there thought it was a shadow from the track lighting. My point is, do not talk to the dopes at Best Buy.You seriously will not find a better TV than this. Unless it is the newly announced ZT50, so if you have the dough and can wait for a bit, get that when it comes out later in 2013.