I notice there are too many praises and I want to weigh in my 2 cents:After about 3 months, my VT30 developed all sorts of problems and was replaced with this model (VT50).I was initially thrilled... this TV was nothing short of awesome. Black was black and there were no LED LCD issues of flash lighting, clouding, and blooming. The VT30 presented motion stutter in 24 fps content (movies) like crazy, but the VT50 pleased me with a feature that almost eliminates this. Black was black.A few weeks later, I noticed a vertical faint band that was 2 finger width and about 2 finger from right side. It was very minor so I ignored it because everything else about the TV was great.About 3 months later of little use, the band got darker and became obvious in normal viewing. Also, it seems that the TV got really faint horizontal band across the whole screen from playing Skyirm where the compass is on the top center. Black scenes revealed that there were lighter 'blobs' and white scenes had darker 'blobs.' Black seemed to have become more like really dark purple with the brightness fairly low. I began to notice that the TV gets really hot and doubles as a heater (I actually bought and area fan!), and I started paying more attention to the buzzing.I called for service and the panel was replaced after 1 week in a shop of some third party contract company that services dishwashers too. When I got the TV back, I turned it on and was shocked... the band was still there and only faded!...BUT WORSE, I saw dirt and tiny scratches in between the glass and panel, which apparently happens after a poor install (imagine putting 2 pieces of glass with a 1/4 inch gap and not get any dirt in between). Furious, I called the tech immediately and he said he was shocked anything was wrong.Many calls back and forth (oh man the pain and hassle of all of this), I went up the totem pole and spoke with a Panasonic representative about the band-thing that survived a panel replacement (supposedly impossible). He admitted that it was a known issue 'that passed QA' and exists on all panels manufactured - some are worse than others. He also explained that plasma degrades after use in localized areas. Bright/higher contrast content causes that portion of the panel to fade in brightness and contract in comparison to the reset of the panel. Dark colors get lighter and light colors get darker, which dulls the picture. This is supposed to take a long time and mitigated by watching a variety of content that avoids localized bright high contrast content. Normal movies are okay, but games and TV channels are not.He forced me to accept a TV buyback and claimed he was not going to authorize another replacement. Panasonic warranty policy seems to fix if at all possible by replacing parts, with the panel being the last resort and generally the solution (leads to  dirt behind screen). They will replace up to 1 time and if there is a new year's model out or parts are not available. After 1 replacement, they will force a buyback. Going past the panel replacement step to a new TV is really difficult because by then your TV should be already refurbished and your issue supposedly fixed.Side points:This TV has poor motion handling despite all of the marketing of plasma 600hz blah blah forcefield blah blah. You have to turn on a single setting to 'smooth' to get tolerable motion, but this blurs image detail considerably. Fast camera panning in games reveals a weird rainbow yellow/green motion trail. I can describe the overall fast pace action game experience as 'visually dull.' Features like 96hz induce annoying flicker and are not usable.If you are not used to it, short-term image retention is a lot more annoying than you did think. It is mostly masked in movies, but can still be seen when scene contrast changes fast. It can be a real pain certain content.Plasma flicker makes stuff look like light snow up close. Coupled with natural video recordings dither artifacts, this TV makes stuff look like a bad blizzard instead of a solid color. Goes well with the buzz I suppose.Be warned that image-burn is a known issue with Panasonic Plasma and do not anyone fool you it is not problem anymore. Be careful or find out the hard way. It is not covered under Panasonic warranty, but Best Buy's Black Tie warranty does, so I recommend that. Samsung plasma seems to be more stable and resistant to image burn/retention, but their black performance is worse.Buy your plasma before Panasonic gets in line with other companies and discontinues it. They are losing lots of billions on it.Cheers