Like it or not, the reality is that much of us spend a lot of time in front of TV. And I did like to think I am a quality over quantity kind of guy, if I am going to invest the time to watch something, I want to really enjoy it at it is best. I moved to California from London at the start of 2012 and when I did I had to sell my much loved Sony 46' LCD, the first HD panel that Sony released in the UK, and one of the finest TV's I have ever seen. It cost me a small fortune but it was totally worth it. It gave an absolutely flawless picture with color and black depth, clarity and stability beyond anything else that was available at the time, and too be honest better than most things I have seen since. The next flagship Sony's out after it were inferior by far, and I can only think that Sony was losing money on their first release and had to start cutting corners to compete on price.Do not take what I write too personally, it is just my opinion, but I have worked in AV for years, installed professional systems, always bought the best, and taken a deep interest in technology in general, so my thought process may well differ from the casual viewer and TV buyer. I am used to a really good picture and thats what I crave. If you have had an average TV for years and are replacing that, you are going to be impressed by just about any of the TV's I mention here and in fact probably going to be just has happy with models lower down the food chain. Lucky you. In some ways I wish my eyeball 'tastebuds' had never gotten used to the sweet nectar that is a really great TV. If you look at any TV and really like the picture, buy it, forget reviews and price. If like me, you are really really fussy about AV and your picture, read on.So it was with a heavy heart and much scepticism of the current TV market that I found myself having to wade through online reviews, interviewing retail sales people and talking to tech savvy friends who had kept an eye on the market, that I finally narrowed it down to a few contenders. Of course I started where I had left off, with Sony. I took a long hard look at the XBR series which they claimed was there 'best picture ever'. I had not seen my old Sony in a few months when I went into various stores with well setup examples to look at it, but it only took a couple of minutes of viewing for me to disagree with the Sony marketing team, it was not as smooth or 'creamy' as my old X series was, and it just did not look as 'believable' and the fact that I could notice it just started bugging me. Moving on.Next up, I really liked the look of the Samsung e8000 (the 9000 was too big for me) its a pretty TV, but it took a whole 2 seconds of looking at the picture to figure out - no way. I really do not understand how anyone who has spent any time with decent quality TV's can look at that picture and not be quite frankly disturbed. It's just not even close, it is so obviously inferior to other TV's at the same price range that Samsung ought to be embarrassed. I am embarrassed for them. Lots of toys does not make a better picture and its the picture that I care about.Onto the Sharp. I did always had a soft spot for the old Pioneer Kuro, and if you believe what you read the Kuro team was absorbed into Sharp and they benefited from the technology. Certainly the Kuro was the only other TV that I ever looked at beside my Sony and thought 'nice picture'. So surely the Sharp Elite would have it. It cost more than the XBR or Samsung, which while not always a guarantee of better quality is generally a good indicator. I was impressed, it looked good. But just good. Maybe I was expecting too much? I really was hoping to be just sucked into a picture and so blown away that I could not be torn from the TV, that I would just hand over the cheque book and have them fill it in while i continued to watch. I just was not seeing where the extra money had gone. But I did not cry, no, I remained strong. It was good enough, I could always 'settle' if need be and I could learn to be happy. But I had one chance left.I did kind of dismissed Plasma, I did just assumed things had moved on technology wise and it did all be LED, so I was intrigued by all the great reviews the Panasonic was getting, as it was actually cheaper than the TV's I had been looking at it, I kind of thought I was being silly, but what the heck, right? Ca not do any harm to take a look.And to my surprise, what I saw was really good. I still was not 'blown away', but I kept looking, and looking, and checking. I was looking for the flaws, there must be something wrong with it, it is cheaper. And there must be something wrong with it being a plasma, it must have flashing, or burn in or some other defect. But after 10 minutes or so, I realised I was just happily watching the movie now and not really thinking about the picture any more - bingo!And so it was with my TV buying experience. I have come to realise that looking to be wowed by a TV now is just not realistic if you are used to good TV's. Technology continues to improve, but it is not like the HD TV's now are ten times better than the ones from a few years ago, it is just incremental.However, having lived with the Panasonic for a number of months now, I am really happy with it. Not only is it really 'easy' to watch, it is nice to use, the controls are simple but effective, the hulu and amazon apps give a great picture, the TV itself looks really great.The one down side I have found with ALL TV's now, is that because they are so thin, which I love, it does mean the built in sound is pretty sketchy. It's ok. But if you are any kind of AV purist you are not going to rely on TV speakers anyway, so i do think it is a bit of a moot point. I do not really count the TV's audio quality in my factoring, if anything not investing in the TV's audio is a good thing as I want the money in the picture.So I do think this TV is not only one of the very best pictures available today at any (realistic) price (I do not count the 'tens of thousands of dollars' TV's as I did not even look at them, I am not spending that much on a TV), it also represents by FAR the best 'bang for the buck'. I could have spent twice as much if a TV _really_ justified it, but I am happy to say there is no need, Panasonic have really got it right with this panel, it is a TV you can really live with and enjoy.PS. Do what the others here suggest and buy a setup DVD and invest the time to fine tune it. BUT use the THX setting out of the box and watch it for at least a week first, THEN do the setup. It's pointless doing the setup when it is brand new. And yes, it is a Plasma so it DOES get 'burn in'. I use the intune app to listen to radio and it left a logo in the top of the screen after many many hours of use, only faint, but really annoying. But I left the built-in scrolling bar tool running overnight and by the next day it was gone, back to fresh.PPS. I bought my TV from Pauls TV in California. Their salesmen are slimy and I wish I had not, once I had made a decision I just had to have it that day, and Pauls did get me that, but the delivery guys were not really into it and offered only minimal assistance, I really wanted proper setup. They talk about matching prices but they really did not try with this TV, and then only added sales tax on right as they swiped my card, which meant a different price came up on the machine than we had discussed, which was just underhand to me. Amazon is a better deal and you pay the price it actually says at check-out. I have bought sooo much stuff from Amazon and they have always been amazing not only with delivery but if there are any issues. My recommendation buy it from Amazon, wish I had.