Panasonic has shown me they are more interested in trying to find excuses than actually helping their customer.I have had a P55VT50 for a couple months now and have had nothing but trouble with their supposed DLNA-certified capabilities.  Every other device on the network reads the files just fine (MP4 and FLAC), and these are files that Panasonic listed as compatible on their website.  Even when the files are recognized, they do not play properly and the TV gives incorrect property information like length of video.  You can also forget fast-forwarding through parts of files, too, as it will just skip you to the end of the files.  Helpful!The TV's firmware does not work (or at least mine does not), but Panasonic is more interested in giving bogus excuses from support personnel who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about, than simply fixing the problem for me, which involves a simple repair or replacement of the plasma TV.  Instead, I have been back and forth with them for a month now and have not gotten any resolution!  The first time they did not even follow up with me after 'elevating the problem to Tier 2 support' and I had to call back a couple weeks later myself.  As you would expect after my first encounter, no response was given to me within 2 days (Panasonic's own time frame), so I had to call again only to be told that they did not have all the information they needed.  They had my number, so why not just call and ask?!  Because they do not care about solving the problem!  I finally got a call back the third time, and low and behold they asked for the same information again.  I am then told they are not looking into solving the problem, but instead are trying to find where things went wrong that do not involve the TV but rather the files or the network THAT EVERY OTHER DEVICE WORKS JUST FINE WITH.  That's what Panasonic calls customer service.  No thanks.At this point, I do not even trust them to even reflash the firmware on my TV (which is what the repair would be).  Panasonic had either better ship me a replacement TV or they will have lost a customer for life with their horrible business practices, and I encourage everyone else to avoid Panasonic products.  The company is only interested in profits and could not care less about customer satisfaction.