I could go on and on about the picquality of ths camera, but I am sure anyone looking to buy one already knows about all these things. I will instead focus on the camera itselfPROS:The amount of features allowed is nice.Everything can be tweaked and tuned , but it also has a 'auto' mode, which is nice when you just want to take a quick shot and not have to worry about ISO settings, etc, etc.The shutter itself feels much better than a point and shoot, and the focus time, and the downtime between shots is also WAY lower than the run of the mill point and shoot.A feature I have not seen as flexible in point in shoot is the timer shots. You can set it to take anywhere from 1-10 pictures with 1 timer. This is great for big family photos where you prop the camera up on a tripod and just want to do 10 photos in a row - and hopefully everyone will have their eyes open in one of those 10 photos (especially hard with little kids).CONS:The software/hardware feels sort of undated. Canon has stuck with this same layout for a long time for continuity, but new point and shoots have a much more streamlined interface. For example, the wheel on the top (where you switch between modes), does not allow for 360 degree rotation, only like 300 degrees rotation. This means, for example, if you were in Video Capture mode and wanted to go to Macro Mode, you have to spin the wheel 300 degrees instead of just 60 degrees.The software is one that takes getting used to. They use a 'tab' system to tell you which settings you are messing with in the Menu. The tab system may be familiar to long time Canon users, but the way the tabs are labeled sometimes make it confusing. Instead of using words, they use symbols, which I feel do not match well. For example, there are 'tabs' with a Wrench icon. Unless I memorize which setting is where, there is a hard time remember exactly what settings are changed in the 'wrench' tab.The battery must be charged separately from the device. I do not know if this is a standard for DSLR, but I liked how I could just plug in my camera itself and charge it on point and shoots.Overall:There is no arguing the picture quality, it is basically the same as the T2i, and professional reviews all across the internet rate this as the top entry-level DSLR. It has settings for a beginner like me, and it has settings for advanced users as well.For those wondering between T2i and T3i, the main difference is a spin-out LCD screen, and digital zoom during video. These differences are small, and I know I was confused when I first researched this DSLR.