This was my very first DSLR. I have been interested in photography for some time and finally decided to put down my mega zoom camera and pick up a real camera. I received this camera for Christmas(2012) So currently I have been using it for a good two months. Just comparing this camera to other DSLR's this camera feels very plasticky, and the exterior body will scratch fairly easily, its a tad heavy for how cheap it feels but that could be a good/ bad thing depending on the use.The kit lens (18-55 mm) does a decent job obtaining high resolution images paired with the 18 megapixel sensor.  The swivel screen really is not a big deal to me and seems more like a gimmick than something people will actually get use out of, since I do not use live view mode very often to frame my shots. Autofocus is horrendous, just warning any first timers out there who are like me and had no clue at the beginning. Using the autofocus in live view mode could possibly be one of the most frustrating things I have ever experienced in my life. This is a good camera for still frame/portraits,and not so much action shots just due to the fact the autofocus sucks.The battery life fairs pretty well for what I use it for(trips to the zoo, the occasional landscape shot, and everyday use) and I find myself charging it once every week or so. That being said people who are far more serious than I about their photography will probably need some sort of 3rd party equipment to help extend the battery life during hardcore continuous use.Though with the few gripes I do have about this camera it really has helped me grow and learn as a beginning photographer. The menus are very easy to navigate and I love creative mode because it helps the beginner to get out of auto mode without losing the extra help auto provides. Canon probably has the widest range of lenses available compared to any other brand. Although I have recently gotten my hands on a NIKON D3200 and I have to say I wish I would have started with that and might possibly be ditching my Canon Rebel t3i soon for it. I can not get over how smooth the autofocus on the D3200 is. I mean if both cameras were like food the D3200 would be like butter, smooth and creamy. The t3i would be like vegetable oil greasy but works for everyday use.