This Rebel T3i is amazing especially for beginners. It's relatively cheap for the quality that you get out of it. My passion for photography was always with me from a young age but I only recently really got into it. I bought this camera in future shop downtown Toronto last year December. The body is made of plastic and if it gets lightly scratched or nicked rubbing the area with your finger removes the scratch. I was blown away by the quality of the pictures this camera provided me with. It was my first DSLR ever. I used to use a Kodak 5MP point and shoot and then moved to my Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc 8MP phone. When I got this camera I dived straight into using manual mode. It is the best way to learn. I live in the Caribbean on an island called Trinidad and Tobago. It's too expensive to ship items out of the country or fix here so I needed to make sure the camera works perfectly. I used this camera in doors and out doors in very cold weather and it held up amazingly. I was a bit skeptical of the Flip screen, living in Trinidad if it broke off or damaged it would be too expensive to repair. (Might as well buy over a new camera body). My fears are no longer, I constantly flip the screen whether it is for video recording of picture taking. It's well designed and built. It is a crop sensor camera which means the lens length is longer. Multiply the 18-55mm standard kit lens by a cropped 1.6 sensor and your lens becomes 28.8-88mm. While it is true most times that the glass (lenses) you buy for your camera are what make the image look amazing because of the optics etc..I have read online many times where people cry down the standard kit lens you get with this. This kit lens is an amazing lens for learning on, so if you are new to photography go ahead and get the lens on the body. If your more of a seasoned photog well you will know to buy the camera body alone and hopefully you already have some prime glass. Checkout some of my pictures on flickr at amazon will not let me paste the link so here is how to see my pictures. In the URL type in [...]  Many of these pictures were taken with the Canon EOS Rebel T3i.Update Wednesday 20th March 2013This Camera Body is the best, I have taken thousands of photos with it already and it is still going strong. Definitely be careful swapping out lenses in any windy area that you know could potentially carry dust, dirt or sand particles that could get into your camera. I took my T3i on the beach last week to get some shots. I got down low enough to get a couple shots but it never touched the sand. However I was swapping out my telephoto lens for my kit lens and some sort of particle got onto the mirror of the camera. I could see it through the viewfinder. Got me scared I tell ya! I was lucky though I was able to blow it out on my own right there at the beach without it going anywhere further inside near the sensor. I got some awesome shots. It rained very lightly so the camera did get a few drops of rainwater on it. Stashed it in my camera bag till I got to shelter and gave it a quick wipe down. Still works. I flip the screen out more than I thought I would, up to now it is still solid as a rock. I only used one battery that day I did not need to swap another battery in, the camera was on for more than 4 full hours and got around 550 shots that day. I did notice at times of above average use the grip area near the battery compartment did get relatively warm as the battery got hot. When I mean hot I do not mean extremely hot but you can tell the difference. Check out some of my shots on flickrFind me on Flickr~Go to Flickr~Then type in a '/' then 'photos' then '/' and last type in 'suipeter'And that should take you there.