I have been a hardcore Canon fan for more than a quarter century.  I have owned a couple of pre-Rebel cameras, 5 Rebels - 2 film, 3 digital - 2 video recorders, 2 photo printers, and too many lenses, filters, and accessories to inventory here.  I have been faithful to the brand because I have never had a dud or even a problem though I have treated the items with anything but kid gloves.  With the exception of this camera, all items purchased continue to function perfectly even though I have been extremely tough on many of them.  For example, several of the earlier cameras and lenses have been exposed to desert environments (dust storms, heat exceeding 105 degrees, and no shade for hours at a time), challenging uses (took one or more at a time rock climbing & strapped it/them - camera & lens - to me as I climbed.  Needless to say it/they banged against the rock face several times during these adventures), and dampness, sometimes extreme (coastal environments, beaches, storms, rain, etc.).  In spite of the abuse, and lack of regular care or cleaning, they all continued to perform wonderfully.  Then came along the T3i.  Knowing I was planning another trip to Costa Rica in February 2012, I decided to again upgrade my digital Rebel collection in December 2011.  I received the new camera promptly & was excited by it is look and feel, a wonderful improvement over some earlier versions.  Still easy to use and mostly intuitive, and best of all, loved the pictures I got - super clear and sharp!  I thought this was my best purchase yet!So, what's my problem?  Since I made this purchase I used this camera (lightly and gently) on my Costa Rica trip, a 3 day trip to Moab, Utah, and for a portion of a child's Easter egg hunt on Easter Sunday 2013.  Why only for a portion?  Because half way through the egg hunt the camera would no longer auto focus.*  I have done everything I can think of to get it to work.  I have charged, then changed the batteries, tried different lens that work with other Rebels, made sure the lens I was using worked on the others cameras, cleaned the contacts and camera thoroughly.  Nothing.  I can not sense to get a decent shot out of this camera anymore.  So, I decide to take it to a camera shop to see if I can get it repaired, and they tell me the cost is 175 dollars just to look at it, and it will likely cost several hundred to fix.  So it seems my 600 dollar, nearly new/almost unused camera will cost me as much or more than I paid for it to fix it after two and a half light uses?  Suddenly not such a fan of Canon or their Rebel line.By the way - the camera and lenses were all properly stored in dry, cool space with plenty of padding and dust protection along with my older equipment which continues to function flawlessly in spite of how rough I was with them (the older items) when I was younger and more daring.*I often use auto focus these days because as I get older the camera &#34;sees&#34; much more clearly than I do, especially when my &#34;targets&#34; are moving, such as children &#34;hunting&#34; eggs.