LOVE the T3i. With 18 megapixels, full HD video, and the Canon name, it'll still be high tech in 10 years +. The two main upgrades from the T3 are 12.2 vs. 18 megapixels, and the fact that the T3i has an articulated screen. And you WILL use the articulated screen often -- for overhead shots, low angle shots, self portraits, setting up tripod based video/still shots (flip the screen around so you can see your shot as you tweak backgrounds).Bought mine as a package deal from Cardinal Camera (best prices ANYWHERE).  Skip the package with the 75-300mm zoom.  Get the package with the 55-250mm IS zoom.  (more below on that)The two main T3i upgrade points (megapixels and articulated screen) do make it cost a good bit more than the T3, but the upgrades are well worth it. As for the 75-300 vs 55-250 IS lens -- IS is the key - image stabilization. A friend of mine with the 75-300 lens said, 'It's practically worthless. I'll sell it to you for 10 bucks. I hate that lens.' Without IS, you are doomed unless it is a cloudless day at high noon, or you are carrying a tripod around with you, or you are zoomed out to less than 150mm or so. I do not recall the exact numbers, but I believe IS gives you something like 4 additional stops before your shots get blurry. That's major, and again, well worth the extra money.  And with the 55-250 IS lens, you will not miss the 50mm difference.  In fact, if you want to zoom in that much, you did be better off blowing up your pic taken with the IS lens.  It'll still be sharper than a pic with at 300mm zoom.After an exhaustive search, I found Cardinal Camera had the best deal on a T3i package. In fact, best deals anywhere on the T3i and a number of other cameras I was considering. Came quickly in a carefully packed box. Lots of goodies, though I will probably get some higher quality uv filters to protect my lenses - filters with multilayer coating to reduce glare. If you want to carry the goodies around, they practically fill the included bag. Not enough room for all of it, plus the camera.Next time I am in the market for photography supplies, Cardinal Camera will be my first stop. I do not know when that will be though. I am perfectly happy with my T3i. Like it a whole lot better than I would a T3 or anything similar, and I did not see a need to go way up in price to a T4i.If you are still on the fence about spending a big chunk of change on a camera, just go for it. This camera is not a piece of technology. It's a stack of priceless photo albums. It's vacation pictures worthy of framing. It's family portraits. It's memories.