Feeling constrained by my point and shoot and having played around with friends' DSLRs I decided I wanted to take this step, but its not for everyone.Is it for you? Its not worth getting a DSLR in general if your just going to keep it on auto-shot and really you do not get much from the camera if you do so, especially considering how large it is. If your just looking for better image quality I did say go for a mirrorless interchangeable lens or 'compact system' camera (as they call it on amazon)but if your willing to learn ( or through trial and error) you can get stunning and beautiful shots in conditions you never thought possible, I have really been breath taken by some of the photos as they appear for the first time on my computer monitor, then my jaw really dropped again when I started shooting in RAW format and editing in photoshop, but again, you have to be willing to tinker with settings/modes and eventually lenses, but once you do so you'll never want to go back.  Well now that your looking at entering the field of semipro/ enthusiasts photography this is one of, if not, the best entry cameras you can get. The camera delivers in almost every front, in terms of image quality, options, versatility, and only falls slightly short on its continuous shooting rate, as well as the auto focus can and will fail in low light and tricky conditions, this can simply be overridden by manual focus which is not difficult once you get the hang of it. If you can afford it, get a new lens, the lens this comes paired with is decent but the auto focus is slow. Cannon (as well as 3rd party companies like sigma) have a huge range of great lenses and while lenses are expensive, keep in mind they will last a lot longer then the camera itself. Moving on, the flip screen is very useful for low/ high angles and I have taken some interesting backwards shots. In terms of video, the built in microphone is good for what it is, but if your a little serious, you want to grab and external mic, which it does have support for. Now the only tricky thing in video is that it does not have continuous autofocus, so time to beef up that manual focus skill. It has a HDMI out, so you can view directly on your TV, and the neat software by cannon allows you to view and control your camera through your computer when its hooked via USB. The battery lasts for ages and can be swapped out, the flash provided is fine but is rarely used as it makes most situations harsh without the ability to control the strength like an attached flash does/some DSLRs(it does have a standard mount. finally I wish this camera had GPS for geotaging pictures, not essential but would be nice.In Review, this is a great camera, and will get you very far in photography, with few limitations except your own knowledge and imagination.