I shopped and researched for over a year, before I bought a new TV. I finally bought the Vizio E3D320VX on Amazon. What an incredible picture and price for a TV that is Full 1080p HD, 200,000:1 contrast ratio, 3D, Internet TV with built in Wi-Fi and unlimited apps, 2 HDMI ports in back and 1 on the side; USB; It was $299 on Black Friday 2012. I was kicking myself in 2011, when I did not buy a 720p, but now I am SO glad that I waited. This was a smart purchase. I am a disabled, female and this was an easy set up for me to do alone. It even comes with real tools for assembly and (albeit not the best) 2 pair of 3D glasses (nice touch)...but I have not watched anything in 3D, so for me, it is not an issue. Make sure to purchase HDMI cable that support 3D technology or you will not be able to use that feature with Blu-Ray or other devices. I found some cables that supported 3D technology, audio return and Ethernet on Amazon for $9.99 from Mediabridge on Amazon. I have this TV in my bedroom. I had to exchange my DVR at the cable company for a HD model in order to get HD...but that was free. The picture is VIVID and crystal clear. I am confined to this room much of the day for medical reasons and the TV is on most of the time. My sports nut husband loves the picture settings that adjust for every kind of sport. I did not need a sound bar, its plenty loud with 2 10Watt speakers. I will admit, that when setting it up, initially, I could not figure out how to get to the keypad to enter my WiFi info. I am not one to read instructions and even when I read the instructions, it was not explained. It took me a few minutes and finally I realized that you have to press the OK button to get the Keypad and just use the arrows around it to navigate. There is also a button on the remote with the Vizio symbol, press that for all of your internet apps. I have my log-in for Netflix programmed and using that is a piece of cake. Your choices for apps are unlimited with internet TV. It has great Energy Savings. The only negative that I have found is that it is not instant on...it takes about 5 secs, before a picture is available. For this TV, I can wait 5 seconds. I also purchased a Square Trade 3 year extended warranty for $34, which to me is peace of mind. I am a happy, happy girl!