So this TV has some really strong pros but a few potent negatives as well. Let me give the major drawback for me first.I got this TV for my parents as a Christmas present. I got it a little early so I gave it to them before the holidays. At first it was really great. But within a couple of weeks, the picture stopped coming on, and there was only sound. Then after a few days of that, it stopped coming on all together. We tried everything. We contacted VIZIO. Nothing. The unit was dead. Instead of dealing with Vizio's repair service, we simply returned the defective unit through amazon's return process (absolutely FABULOUS system! - Thanks amazon!) We opted for an identical replacement. After talking to a friend in the electronics business he told me that 25-35% of Vizio TV's are duds out of the box. Sounds like the first TV.Now the next minor issue - with the apps on this tv, there are a lot of alpha-numeric entries required (passwords, search for items, etc.) There is no keyboard on the remote and the onscreen keyboard is pretty lame. So be prepared to spend the majority of set up time entering in data - hunt and peck style. And if you have to re-enter information. forget it.Now for the pros (in relation to the second unit)TV is still working and (knock on wood) we do not seem to be having any issues with this one.-Blacks are very good-Picture is very sharp, you can tell it is 1080HD. (Even with your basic cable the picture is VERY good, very crisp. Blu-rays look great!-Sound- for the size of the TV I have to say this is probably the best sound I have heard from a 32&#34; LCD. I have a Vizio sound bar and am very impressed with that sound as well, so I have to say, vizio seems to get sound. The &#34;replica&#34; surround sound is actually decent I think. It fills the room, and is of good quality, nice full sound, not squeaky, not muffled. If sound matters to you, consider this unit (but be prepared for the first one to be a dud).-Like the option for 3D - though I have not used it yet, but cool that it has it.-Apps (most) are decent - note on my unit it has Rhapsody and NOT pandora. So just be aware of that. Facebook is USELESS. Super slow load times. This may be due to the wireless connection. Wireless is find for most stuff, but facebook is so full of data/images, etc, just forget this unit even offers facebook.If the first TV worked without a hitch this would be a 4 star review (with the remote and apps pulling away one star), but a brand new TV should not just die within a few weeks of normal use.