Typical Amazon: Prompt delivery and pristine packaging. Setup was straight-forward, but difficult to do with the too-small remote (not the qwerty keyboard remote supplied with the 42&#34; and 47&#34; models). Smaller screen does not require fewer keystrokes!Once setup, everything worked as advertised, with very good, if not excellent picture. Audio was pretty good, with the fake surround effect noticeable. Wi-fi connection was solid, but browsing network folders for media was painfully slow. I could not find a list of files supported, but it definitely wont play mp4 videos. Played some avi's with very good results. The only app I tried was Amazon Video. It was somewhat slow to load, but played very well, with good picture. In summary, performance was everything you could reasonably expect from a fully-featured &#34;smart&#34; TV at a lower price-point.My use of past tense above is because the TV failed after about a week of flawless operation. Suddenly, no picture at all (sound continued). Could not display menu, info, or anything else. No internal lights. Stone dead, except for sound.You may be wondering about the four stars. After determining that Amazon could not exchange (out of stock), and not wanting to lose the benefit of a very good price ($298), I called Vizio. The phone was answered within a very few minutes by a native English speaker located in Utah. He courteously took me through some simple trouble-shooting which confirmed the problem. Unfortunately, we were disconnected before the process was completed. A second call was answered promptly by another English speaking Rep located in North Dakota. A few minutes with him ended with agreement to exchange the unit for a brand new (not refurbished) identical one (Vizio pays all freight). After e-mailing a copy of my Amazon receipt, a third call was necessary, again answered promptly by a third Rep as good as the first two. Case closed (assuming they follow through as promised).If I could rate the Vizio call service, in isolation, it would be 5 stars plus. I should point out that none of the Reps expressed any doubt of my veracity, nor became defensive, or even slightly impolite. This was such a good experience that I can not rate the product lower than four stars, even though it only lasted a week. Call me crazy, but I have to stick with them for now. I will amend this as necessary after receiving and using the replacement set.