I have had this tv for 6 months now.  First off, it came from Amazon with a slight dent in the front of it.  At first we thought it was the way the tv was and never said anything about it.  The longer we have had it and look at it, we are now convenced the center is not to have a slight crease on the bottom of it.  We are not people to complain about things that much so we just let it go.About a month ago I was sitting there one night and all of the sudden the wireless went out on it.  This means I could no longer use the smart tv features on this TV.  I was frustrated but really did not have the time to troubleshoot it at the time.  I have watched this tv just using it as a tv for the past month or so.Well today our router went out and we had to purchase and set up a new one.  We got all the computers back on-line without any problems.  I thought this would also cure this TV's connection problems but it did not.  I proceeded to contact Vizio via their chat technical support.  While I slowly waited for responses, we troubleshooted this for a good 70 minutes.  The verdict on their end was my router's security settings.  I patiently changed all the settings and anything they had me do to the router and the settings on the tv.  It was VERY tedious to go through all of this and in the end, they told me it was my router's security..... really?  It did work when we hooked it in directly to the ethernet cable, or if I disabled ALL security on my network, but I am not going to drag a cord all the way from another room every time I want to watch Netflix or leave my network unsecure.  So bottom line is the 70 minutes I spent with technical support was wasted.  I am no better off now than I was before I called.The TV is an &#34;okay&#34; tv.  It does have a clear picture.  The sound is a little bad but we were always going to put a soundbar on it to make it sound better as others have said.  I just do not think it should be this hard to get it to work with a router that was just taken out of the box this evening.  Something is very strange about that.I do not think I would suggest anyone buying another smart tv.  Looks like I'll just go hook my Boxee that I put away up to this tv.  I probably could have saved a couple hundred on the size of this tv if I had just been smart enough not to buy a &#34;Smart TV.&#34;