The first time I ordered this TV, I received a defect. Sometimes the sound cut out for minutes at a time, and when I went to turn the device on/off, it would not respond for around 30 seconds and then suddenly make a loud popping sound and then turn on/off.I REALLY did not want to send it back, because - this sucker is SMOOTH. We bought it because it was 3D and had all the apps that were important to us. Our blu-ray player was also defective (imagine that?) so we have yet to watch a 3D or blu-ray movie on it, but what really blew us away with this TV was how SMOOTH the picture is. If you have heard of people saying, 'It looks so real it feels like you are actually there.' that's it. The very first thing we watched on this TV was an episode of The Walking Dead, a standard definition cable DVR recording no less, and I felt like we were actually ON the set. How creepy is that?When we sent this TV back to Amazon, we used the refund money to buy the same TV at a local Walmart - or so we thought. We were disappointed to find out that it was not 3D. That was not the only thing different though - the picture just was not as smooth as this TV is. There's not even a smoothing setting. I do not get that eerie feeling that I am in the movie (which is a really weird feeling when watching all-CGI movies). So we took THAT TV back and ordered this one again on Amazon. Seeing that amazingly smooth picture, despite STILL having not been able to watch a blu-ray or 3D movie on this thing, is a breath of fresh air.I only have ONE complaint. This thing is super picky about the remote. You have to point the remote right at the sensor to get it to do anything. If you plan on using the QWERTY keyboard on the back of the remote, keep your patience. I strongly suspect that the keyboard is the whole reason for the pickyness, since they have to put the sensor on the side. The non-3D TV we bought was definitely not as picky. You know what, that's a small price to pay for such a beautiful picture.