I switched from AT&T to T-Mobile, and without doing too much research, ended up with the Lumia 710. I was impressed immediately by how smoothly the phone operated. Opening apps or exploring the phone is quick and easy, and the tiles interface is visually useful and easy to learn. This phone integrated completely with my facebook & twitter accounts and was remarkably efficient. When a contact was duplicated it was easy to merge the data so the same person's name did not come up multiple times. The phone also used wireless well, and seemed fast on 4g. The camera was fine, it seemed a little blurry at times but I did not test it much. It was also easy for me to find a flashlight app which is essential for me.With all those positives, I eventually discovered that the negatives were  dideal-breakers' for me, and so I returned the phone and got an android 2.3 phone instead. Here are the negatives for the Lumia 710: The bluetooth is barely functional. It apparently pairs with devices like earpieces without a problem, but I do not use those. I use bluetooth to make quick file transfers between phones and laptops, and Windows phone does not support this action at this time. My old Nokia E63 could do this just fine (Symbian OS) so I was kind of baffled that Microsoft dropped the ball here. The Lumia 710 has no expandable storage so I had nowhere to use my little 8gb mini-sd card. While I should have done more careful research, the sales tech at T-Mobile told me it would take my mini-sd card. What he MEANT was that the Lumia 710 used a mini SIM card. I had not bought any of my mp3s through the Zune ecosystem so I could not get the phone to play my mp3s. While this might have been user error, it certainly was not functional enough for me! I managed to get a mp3 on the phone but then could not use it as a ring-tone either, which was mildly annoying.So, in conclusion, the Lumia 710 did lots of stuff well, and my wife ended up getting one. For me though, with it not doing mp3s well and not doing bluetooth well and not having expandable memory meant it just did not do the stuff I need my cell phone to do. What's worse is that, after seeing how smooth everything runs on Windows phone, my android phone is just clunky. it is a mytouch Q (LG, android 2.3) and it has crashed a couple of times, and opens some apps slowly. I would pick Windows phone every time over android if it would just do everything that people need phones to do!