My smartphone history: Apple iPhone, Motorola Atrix, Nokia Lumia 710. The Nokia Lumia 710 is a worse than my Motorola phone. My reasons for changing phones: 1) Faster download speed.  The captivate is for the AT&T network; I moved to T-mobile, and my internet connection speeds stayed at 2G.  Which *sucked*.2) Android crashes.  A lot.  it is a great interface, but seriously, I wish it was more stable.Other than that, the Captivate is an amazing phone.  Great music/video player.  Great contact/calendar/to do list.  A lot of apps are available for it.  And, oh yeah, the screen is AMAZING.  Blows the iPhone out of the water.  The Nokia is a dinky little toy compared to my Captivate.Why the Nokia Lumia 710 sucks and makes me want my 2G Captivate back:1) (First side note) You will need a micro SD card for this.  My Samsung had a regular SD card.  To change phones, you have to go to a T-mobile store and get a new card.  Nokia has a micro SD card in the box with this phone.  But since the SD cards are different, it makes it difficult (if not impossible) for me to go back to my beloved Captivate.  Remember this before you make the switch.2) The screen display is terrible.  In any kind of bright light, you cannot read the screen.  Forget sunlight, this thing kaputs even in decent indoor lighting.  I can not imagine anyone being happy with the display that is not living in a fluorescent light filled home or office space.3) I hate Windows 7, Steve Wozniak's endorsement notwithstanding.  I hate that the phone automatically downloads people's gmail pictures, and shows them to you in the 'People' tab.  Why can not you turn that off?  What if I do not want to see these people's faces?  (Do you use your phone to call people you do not want to look at on a daily basis: i.e. anyone other than a significant other or beloved family member?  Okay.  This might suck for you too.)4) There is no swype input (which is a free option on the captivate).  That keyboard is intuitive and makes typing very quick and easy.  It is similar but not the same as what Apple has on its iPhone.5) There are not enough apps for this phone.  Android had an amazing and vibrant marketplace.  This place is the restaurant deserted at lunchtime and dinnertime.  Maybe you should not eat there.  it is deserted for a reason, you know.6) No customizable ringtones.  My captivate let me customize songs and voice messages as ringtones.  They had an app called Ringdroid which was the best thing ever that let me make my own ringtones.  Windows does not want to you use song clips as ringtones, or download your own ringtones, and there are no apps to make ringtones for this operating system.  Which sucks, because the default ringtones suck.7) Pictures folder.  Stupid thing shows your pictures on the folder.  So unless you want a never-ending slideshow of pictures from your pictures folder being used as a background for the pictures icon, you can not put your pictures folder on the first page to make it easily accessible.  If you take pictures on your phone for ebay purchases, paperwork, places and people you do not necessarily want to see everyday, or anything else, beware the endless slideshow of death.  And no, you cannot select which pictures appear in the slideshow.  The phone does it for you.  it is a feature, not a bug.  Like the 'People' contact list.  Ugh.8) Fingerprints.  This phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else.  It is horrible.  My beloved Captivate had a beautiful finish which resisted fingerprints and did not get dirty and smudgy easily.  This Nokia bottom of the line crapfest does not do that.9) The volume button.  You will need to use this a lot of you want to listen to the music on your phone.  It is hard to push and set in too much on the phone.  It sucks too.10) The camera button.  This is, on the other hand, protruding too much, and is easy to press by accident.  Just holding the phone in your hand normally (as you listen to music, for example), will result in a push of the camera button.  If you use your phone as an ebook reader, you can also easily push this button.11) The default search engine is BING.  It cannot be changed to a Google default.  This sucks a lot.12) The icons are weird and not easy to understand.  I had one icon sitting on my unlock screen for three months before I realized it was for the mandatory live email address that Microsoft forces you to open so you can use this phone.13) Mandatory live account to make games (called Xbox games) and music player work.  Who uses live?  Really.  This mandatory sign up sucks too.14) There are two pages.  One is the home page with list of frequently used apps you can customize into tiles.  The second page is to the right, and is *all* of your apps.  There are no other pages.  So if need to get to the bottom of your app page, it could take a lot of scrolling.  Which sucks.15) Music player.  This SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS.  It sucks so much it deserves caps lock complaints.  You cannot make playlists on the phone.  It groups videos and music together, so if you have album covers on your music, you might not be able to tell the difference between an audio file and a video file, since it does not separate them.  It creates a visible tiled history of songs/videos/radio stations you listened to, which cannot be deleted.  Which I hate.  You have to sign up for and download microsoft zune to make the music player work.  Which sucks.  I have heard rumors of an amazingly good Nokia music player, but somehow that cannot be downloaded onto this phone.16) No world clock.  There is no clock for different locations you can put on your home page.17) No world weather.  There is no weather for different locations you can put on your home page.18) Timer/Stop watch.  There is no timer or stop watch function on this device.19) Audio quality.  Audio quality for music and telephone conversations above about halfway volume (halfway between min and max) is poor and static-filled.  As a phone, good audio quality is important.  This device fails at that.20) Product advertising.  This product is advertised as an 'introductory smartphone'.  So if you have never had a smartphone, and are upgrading from an 1980s brick, you might be really happy with this purchase.  Personally, I find being called the equivalent of a smartphone n00b very patronizing.  If my self-esteem suffered enough, I might even be forced to pick up a 'for dummies' book, so that random writers can swear at my intelligence.  If you have ever owned or used a product called a smartphone, this phone is not for you.  Even Nokia is saying that it is not for you.  Stay away.21) Google voice does not work on this phone.  So no routing calls through your google voice.  No google voice voicemail.22) No visual voicemail.23) The advertising for the Lumia series of phones has revolved around the Nokia Lumia 900, which seems to be Nokia's flagship product for this link.  *That* phone is made with kick ass gorilla glass, which you could hammer and nail and not cause a dent.  This is not that phone.  The body is cheaply made of inferior plastic, and the screen is some inferior glass as well.  It will not be safe in your pocket with your keys, or in your purse floating free.24) Bloatware. The number of pre-installed applications which suck boggle the mind.  Delete them immediately when you get this phone.  All of them will slow down this device and drain your phone's battery.All in all, I must say, I really hate this phone and regret ever buying it.  It is incredibly poorly made, and frustrating to use.But, there are some good qualities about the phone.  Here they are:1) It has a radio.2) It does not crash as much as Android.3) For me, since I was upgrading from an AT&T compliant 2G device, this was faster.There might be other good points.  I will let you know if I ever discover them.I wish the Samsung Note was available for T-mobile.  Such an amazing device.  I wish I had that product.  Or the Samsung Galaxy III.  Even with the crashiness of Android, it is a superior device in every way.  I made such a mistake by not making a Samsung phone my next phone.  Do not you make the same mistake as well.UPDATE: FEBRUARY 2013: WINDOWS PHONES DO NOT HAVE A CALL DURATION.  IF YOU ARE AN ATTORNEY, THIS IS A HUGE PROBLEM.  PLEASE ADD THIS FEATURE TO FUTURE UPDATES OF THIS PHONE.Also: This phone model is not eligible for upgrade in the operating system.