I bought this product because it received great reviews on CNET.  However, there were issues I did not anticipate.  I will start with the positive and then go with the negative.Pros:Product arrived a day earlier than expected using Amazon free shipping.Handset was a good size and weight for a smartphone.Pictures were excellent.  (I am not able to rate the video quality because I did not use this feature.Touch screen was pretty cool and allowed you to rearrange tiles on start screen pretty easily.Price point for features available for this phone were excellent.Cons:Product arrived in a box that had no Nokia logo.  This made me a little uncomfortable because the product was advertised as new.  (in fairnes to seller--the product appeared new and had no defects--but there were other issues that make me skeptical.)Phone came with a phone charger--but it did not have a USB cable, headphones, or a User Manual.  To this day--I am not sure if the Nokia Lumia 710 comes with these accessories or not--because there was no manual included and the box did not appear to be the original packaging box.The ring level was very low--even when I turned it all the way up, which made it difficult to hear when the TV or Radio was on.The speaker option was awful!  I tried calling T-Mobile several times using the speaker phone and the audio was choppy and garbled.Another issue--this maybe just me--but when the phone was dormant, you needed to push the &#34;On&#34; button on the top of the phone to turn on the screen instead of the three buttons on the bottom of the phone.  There maybe a way to change this feature to allow the lower buttons to activate the phone from its dormant state--but I could not figure it out.Finally--I was aware of this --and it did not affect my decision but it may influence yours--the apps store for windows is not as robust as apples or androids.  this was not a deal breaker for me--i use a limited number of apps and they were available on this phone--but if you like apps--you may want to consider something else.***In short--the low ring level and inaudible speaker-phone feature were dealbreakers for me.  I returned the phone this morning using Amazon's returns system--which is pretty easy to use.  I wound up buying an Iphone 4--I am embarrased to say--because I think Apple products are seriously overpriced--but I was looking for a solid, dependable, no-nonsense work phone and the Nokia Lumia 710 just was not it.