I had been using an iPhone 3GS for a few years (and have been an AT&T customer in general for years before that) when I started to realize just how much I was paying for AT&T's service but how little I was using it, or the talk minutes part of it anyway. I had thousands of roll over minutes and hundreds expiring every month. I no longer felt I was getting any value from their service. I looked around to try and find some savings and realized that by buying my phone up front and bringing it to T-mobile, I could be saving $20 per month. The phone does pay for itself eventually.So anyway - I am supposed to be reviewing this phone. I have been curious about the WP7 phones for a while and was happy to finally make the jump. The phone itself is attractive enough and the additional software provided by Nokia makes their handsets even better than the other WP7 phones out there. The Drive GPS app is much more than I expected from preinstalled software. It has day/night mode, a good selection of voices, and speed alerts. Plus the maps are downloaded to the phone so you never have to wait for them to load.The hubs and live tiles concept takes a while to get used to, but now that I have adapted, I wondered how I lived without them. Hubs make the folders in iOS seem useless in comparison. And live tiles are like notifications that display on the individual tile. It is a very cool concept and well executed.I never thought I would use the FM radio, but the park where I go to walk has poor coverage by T-Mobile and I was not able to stream internet music there. I just switched to the radio and found an appropriate station with good reception. It worked fantastic.Also, the phone came with a pretty good pair of headphones, which do not seem to be included when purchasing from T-Mobile.There are few negative points to this phone: It is an international phone, so I was disappointed to find that the wall charger I got was the European standard and was worthless to me. However I was able to attach the cable to the USB wall plug that came with the iPhone and charge that way. Charging seems to be a little slow using USB, but I have ordered a proper wall adapter and hopefully that will remedy the slow charging.Also, the volume when listening to audio on the phone is good but not great. Although songs which have been downloaded through the Zune store sound much stronger than streaming audio.8GB of flash storage may not seem like enough to some people. My old 3GS had twice as much, but I never cam close to filling it. I am trying to force myself more and more into the cloud and having a smaller amount of storage helps that. I store my pictures on SkyDrive instead of on the phone and I use streaming services when possible to keep from having to download music to the phone itself. And I imagine that Microsoft will improve the cloud features of WP7 further as the platform continues to mature.Finally, apps. Before purchasing the phone, I had scoured the Marketplace looking for WP7 equivalents to my iPhone apps. I was not able to find everything, but in most cases I was able to find an equivalent that worked just as well. Some of the apps lack a few of the features of their iOS counterparts, but they seem to be updated on a regular basis and forum posts show a commitment to creating equal features across all platforms.So in the end, I am happy with the phone. It is not a perfect phone, but it is a huge improvement, both in the hardware and software, over my old iPhone.IMPORTANT NOTE: I became aware after using this phone for a while that it does not work with T-Mobiles 3G/4G network. I blamed T-Mobile till I realize that their high speed data requires a phone which operates at both the 1700 MHz and 2100 MHz frequencies. This phone can not use the 1700 MHz band. While the phone still does voice, text, and (very slow) 2G (EDGE, GPRS)on the T-Mobile network, you cannot take advantage of the high speed mobile data. Had I researched this in advance, I could have saved myself some money and both myself and the seller the hassle of returning the phone. I am not bad mouthing the phone or the seller at all. The frequencies it operates at are listed in the product description. I just did not do enough homework and was operating on assumptions when I made the purchase. I am sure it works in Europe and maybe even other mobile carriers in the US, but not T-Mobile. I still have this same phone, but have returned this purchase and bought one directly from T-Mobile.