Phone arrived quicker (in 2 days) than shipping estimated (4-5 days). Contents were as described with new phone in orignal packaging. Primay purpose is for WiFi & Skype, and to stay current on technology. Windows 7.5 Mango seems responsive, and has not crashed since I got the phone. It slides from screen to screen smoothly.  Phone comes with European charging adapter which for me is ok because I work overseas. USB charge cable also included, but is not a standard USB cable, so you must have the Nokia USB cable. Have seen some reports where customers have broken the USB/Charge cable connection port on their phone. I can see how this can happen if not careful when connecting the cable to the phone. This is a No Warranty phone. Not too happy with that, but hopefully it will not be a worthless brick like the early HP Ipaq I had paid $800 for years ago, which HP replaced once with another worthless brick. Lumia 710 battery lasts over 1 day with some WiFi use, but if using for several hours, then a charge will be necessary to go beyond a day. I do not have a sim in it yet, as my current sim is standard size, and the Lumia 710 only accepts the mini sim.  There is also no way to add memory. 8 GB is all you get, and so application install management, and transferring files like photos off to the laptop or desktop is required. I installed Skype and the navigation application, and it will not give me turn by turn without having WiFi or a sim with data connections.  I am disappointed in that.  Some have suggested that if I load the destination while still on WiFi, then turn by turn might work. I am overseas now so cannot really try that.  Do not need Iraq street maps. Skype voicemail feature is not supported on Mango, or not supported yet. I also installed a translation application, and compass.  Now I have just under 2 GB left of the 8 GB max memory, and have taken no pictures. Volume on the phone when doing Skype seems somewhat low.  I always am trying to increase the volume.