I purchased this phone refurbished at the end of 2011, and I just purchased another. It was my first smart phone, but being a computer-savvy person I had no problem figuring out the interface. I have seen quite a few reviews stating that you have to use the Motorola or AT&T branded apps, which is absolutely not the case. You simply must change your settings to allow third-party software.PROs:-This phone is FAST. Startup takes about 20-25 seconds, but once it is up programs open very quickly and it multitasks well. I am frequently downloading, web surfing, playing Words, and answering emails/texts all at the same time with no perceptible slowdown.-The Android OS gives you the freedom to do pretty much whatever you want. I often find myself explaining to incredulous iPhone users some of the things I can do (...I just plug the USB into my car stereo and it charges while playing music from the SD card...I connect my phone to my TV through USB and watch home movies or view pics straight from the SD card...etc). In addition, mt fiance has a Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. It is a gorgeous phone, but it still can not do many of the things the Atrix can do.CONs:-The screen is not as sharp as the iPhone or the Samsung Galaxy S2 (which really is breathtaking). It gets the job done and responds well, but just does not pop.-Battery life. I get about 5 hours. As a disclaimer, I constantly have multiple apps running. If you do not do as much as I do, you will get much longer life. I tried turning off wifi and GPS, and it nearly doubles the battery life.-Motorola docks. I have a car dock and an HD dock. The hookup is awkward and takes some getting used to. Also, there is a docking screen that automatically pops up, and you can not disable it. It is a minor complaint, but it is nevertheless annoying.In all, if you are a believer in form following function, this is for you. I would choose processing power and cross-platform multifunctionality over screen brightness every day of the week and twice on Sundays. If you are an iPhone user and do not mind exploring an OS, you will be blown away by the things you can do with Android on a powerful piece of equipment.