I bought this phone with the intent of giving the Android operating system a try since I just came from an iPhone 3GS.  I liked the idea of a SD slot for added memory, and a removable battery since my iPhone had locked-up on me several times and there was no way for me to shut it down, instead I had to wait for the battery to drain.  Unfortunately I found out that this phone had many more problems than my iPhone 3GS.  Here is a list of the major problems I have had with the Motorola Atrix 4G.1.  It reboots itself for no reason about 2-5 times a day.  When this happens usually the skin covering the battery is very warm.2. When playing music, the phone skips like other reviewers have said.  It does not matter what music player I have tried they all have this issue.3. Wi-Fi connectivity is intermittent at best.  I have had the phone lose connection 3 times in 1 minute.  When the phone loses connection to Wi-Fi, it also loses connection to the mobile network.  This can happen over 100 times in a single day.4. After a year of use the battery is complete garbage.  Although my 3 year old iPhone 3 is still ticking away with the stock battery.5. The phone has a mind of its own.  At random it will surf the net on its own completely ignoring what you typed in the search field.6. If the phone is plugged in and charging the touch screen does not work properly.  It is almost impossible to unlock the phone when it is plugged into the wall.There are other issues, but they are trivial compared to the ones I listed above.  I believe this phone needed a lot more testing and development before it was released.  If you need help exercising your patience then I think this phone is perfect. it is the best smartphone.  If you need a phone to make calls, send texts and surf the web, my suggestion is to look elsewhere and forget that you ever heard of the Motorola Atrix 4G.Please note, my phone was not submerged under water, dropped from any great distance, or carried outside of a case.  As a matter of a fact, if you remove the phone from the case it almost looks brand new except for the minor scratches on the screen where dirt found its way between the case and the phone.  Next time I will use a screen protector before encasing my phone with an otter box.Best Regards,