Why I got it? This is a wonderful mobile I had dreamt to have when it first came out, nevertheless it was outside of my mobile devices budget.That made me wait until new techonology was available to get it and I am happy I did.Previous ownership------------------Before I had an XPeria X10 mini, which is also a good mobile, still it was getting slow. Also I like Sony a lot, but none of their devices were having Tegra Processors and I am not a Nvidia Fanboy but lets say since I have given them my preference over graphics processing, all have been excellent so far, not to mention their CUDA technology, which they will implement soon for mobiles. Also games tend to 'look' much better.Battery---------------------Battery has been quite good, although I do know there are people complaining about it, for me it would last around 18 hours even average using Waze and HDSPA+ Internet and Playing a bit of Bard's Tale. If I do not play that much with it then it can achieve around 36 hours. Also battery has been getting better through usage. Its important to mention that I use Easy Battery Saver application which manages it when it is iddle, really recommended.Performance---------------------It has been great so far. I got some screen protector, body protector and base for my car and it became my full fledged companion. I even check the stock market through internet and it browses at very good speed. The graphics with the games are amazing, the phone speed is really good and the signal, altough not that good is on average quite acceptable.Final words:------------Just some final words:Pros:- Tegra 2 processor- Good 4G speeds- Good on average Battery- Good built (of course please do not compare it with the IPhone, apple boys).- Fingerprint is amazing!!!..- Sound is quite good in calls and the ringtone volume as well (Alarm always wakes me up!)- SD expansion slot- Removable batteryCons:- Camera not the best, specially as I was comming from an XPeria model, which takes better photos and videos with smaller sizes.- Sadly Motorola would not update it to IceCream Sandwich Android Version (4.0), so you are stuck with either 2.3.6 from factory or 2.3.7 using Cyanogenmod in my case. Motorola would not free drivers for Camera and Tegra processor, but there are lots of nice projects, specially the Emerson Pinter one that gives us some hope:[...]- I did not get a HDMI cable included, also the Webtop application needs the extra devices, although its possible to modify the phone at your own risk to make it available upong HDMI connection. it is better than nokia, samsung, blackberry, iphone, nexus, htc, sony or LG. Overall I am very very happy with my phone and even if its not the most powerful one in the present, it has given me so much improvement for the buck that I do not hesitate to recommend it to everybody, specially as it is 3 times more affordable than the companies flagships.Hope this helps to decide if this phone is for you or not :)