The good: It has a big, bright display.  The on-screen keyboard was made better with the recent update to Gingerbread so it is more accurate. Rotate the screen for bigger buttons. The GPS is incredibly accurate.  I live in MS but my computer's GPS says I am in Alabama or Florida all the time. It never says MS. The Atrix's GPS gets it right, all the way down to the street name. I love the wallpapers including the Live Wallpapers meaning they move. The camera is good and the zoom is spectacular. You have 7 home screens which give you a lot of room to store apps for quick access.  The speakerphone is good. I do not have to scream into it or be right on it for someone to hear me.  One of my favorite things is the fingerprint sensor. it is super easy to set up. I lock my phone and no one can get into it.The bad:The battery is absolutely horrible. you will have to buy an extended battery when you buy this phone.  Buy one from Anker[[ASIN:B007PZ95RW EC TECHNOLOGY 2X 1800mAh Li-ion Battery for Motorola Atrix 4G , ME860/MB860 & 1X Multi-purpose USB Travel] for $20 which will come with 2 extended batteries and a charger. Spare batteries are a must. The USB cord for charging & connecting to a computer is super short. Charging can prove to be difficult if you want to use your phone while it is charging because it is so short that something as simple as sitting up straight is nearly impossible.  Also, it slips out of the phone really easily. One little bump and you could disconnect your phone from the charger without even noticing.The rumors:Q: Can 4G Smartphones connect to AT&T's data network on a prepaid plan?A: Yes. AT&T will tell you 'No' but they are lying because they want to trap you in a postpaid plan since they get the most money from them and too many customers are leaving or not renewing contracts and switching to cheaper prepaid plans. They have been sued for lying about data plans as recent as 2011. All you have to do is change the APN settings which I did and I can access the internet without WiFi. I have the $5 data plan. I am not sure this will work on locked phones. Type this link for the new APN settings (same directions I used): forums(dot)att(dot)com/t5/Prepaid/Using-GoPhone-SIM-on-4G-phones/td-p/2768089. Look for a post by 'andrewcarnegieIV'