The Atrix 4g boasts an impressive set of features, solid performance with it is snappy dual-core processor, and great battery life (I have had it run for 5 hours straight with streaming music and GPS tracking both going).Unfortunately, the software on this phone is extremely both buggy.  In the 6 months I have owned this device I have had to perform (at the insistence of Motorola tech support) 5 full factory resets due to software issues (random crashes, loss of data, phone would not boot, etc).  I did not 'root' the phone, 'sideload' any apps, or perform any other questionable installations, I just ran the stock device.In addition to the software problems, the hardware of the atrix is very unreliable.  I am actually on my 4th device, having returned 3 already under Warranty.  I am very concerned about what will happen when my warranty runs out. it is the best smartphone. The first phone would not operate with the Atrix specific accessories (car dock, laptop dock, television dock) and there was no software resolution, so the phone had to be returned.  The 2nd would randomly reset itself to factory default, causing me to lose all my information.  The 3rd would only play any sounds (calls, music, etc) if I squeezed it very tightly (loose connection?).As a side note to the warranty returns and software issues, Motorola support is terrible terrible terrible!  I cannot stress this enough.  The FIRST thing they have me try when calling is a factory reset (loss of all data).  I have to work my way up to a 2nd or 3rd manager before they attempt any software solutions other than just reset the phone.  Secondly, despite the device being under warranty Motorola would not accept my returns for the hardware issues unless I paid them for the repair/replacement of the device.  I contacted AT&T about the problems and they took care of it immediately even though Motorola is supposed to resolve warranty issues.As a second side note, addressing the Atrix specific docks that were supposed to be a huge selling point of this phone.  The docks, when they work, perform admirably.  I have owned all 3 at this point.  They integrate well, work the way they are supposed to, and are a great addition to the phone.  Unfortunately they will work only with this phone, ever, and if you ever upgrade your device they can go in the garbage can.  Motorola has changed the layout of their docking connections for more recent phones, and because of that I would consider these accessories a waste of money.  Go with more generic docks that will work for any android device.Finally, this device was/is advertised as being compatible with Android OS 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS).  However, despite using that as a selling point for the Atrix and several other devices, Motorola recently announced that they are cancelling their support and this phone will no longer be receiving ICS.The Atrix had the potential to be a great device, all the features are there, but the software, warranty, and (especially) support issues make this a phone to avoid.