I am thoroughly disappointed with this phone. There is very little I can say which reflects positively on the unit after 7 months of use, I have found almost every aspect of this phone to be unacceptable by any quality standards.Build quality:The assembly on my phone is poor. The metal brackets that hold the rear case on are crooked, resulting in a phone that does not have uniform thickness and does not seat properly in cases.Screen:The screen is easily the best part of this phone. it is high resolution, sharp, and delivers reasonable color quality and performance. Please note that it is unreadable while wearing sunglasses and difficult to see in bright sunlight.Bluetooth:it is terrible. My unit receives large amounts of interference when connected to Bluetooth devices that was not apparent on other phones I have owned (with the same accessories).Reception:Mixed. Service bars do not reflect your ability to hold calls on the phone. Calls may be dropped with 2 service bars due to lost signal, while the phone can continue to talk in an elevator with only one bar (usually a surefire time for calls to drop with other phones). The phone does not do a good job pulling in a strong WiFi signal (it does not receive full service unless you are within 2m of a router) and delivers only so-so speeds over WiFi in general.System Software:Do not expect the fingerprint scanner to work. it is only recognized sometimes and it is completely tied to software. The exclusion of the scanner in the Atrix 2 shows that Motorola was unhappy with their ability to support it.Overall, the phone is extraordinarily slow. Sensitivity in the gyroscope is awful and it can take several seconds to switch rotations. Apps take a while to load and the phone will get bogged down quickly (despite having minimal software installed).Stability is poor, the phone will restart itself randomly during regular use. Startup is nice and slow so do not worry about continuing calls quickly.Input support is sketchy and not well thought out. You will frequently encounter dialogues or keyboards that do not have important buttons to complete basic functions like 'send your message' or 'go to next field'. Do not worry, you can retrieve your navigation ability by flipping your phone and waiting 3 seconds for the screen orientation to switch itself. And enjoy those special moments when your keyboard panel comes up and reads 'Input Device' instead of actually showing a keyboard.Corporate Sync functions:So poor it deserves its own section. Create a contact on your phone in your corporate sync account. Go to your account on another machine and see if it appeared. it is anyone's guess if it'll transfer, more often than not it will not though. This is very useful when your phone crashes or needs to be reset, as you will lose contacts randomly. Transferring contacts via your SIM or Micro SD card is no more reliable. Have fun with setup as well, the inconsistent support extends to your calendar and all other accounts. Some apps might sync while others do not, and the device setup is inconsistent across units. That's right, what works for your corporate network on one phone may not work when set up EXACTLY THE SAME WAY with a second phone.Stock software:The music player is unusable. It will start playing randomly when the phone's asleep or when you hang up a call, and frequently crashes after playing 1-2 songs. It cannot play more than one album at a time and seems to interfere with other music apps that are downloaded. it is best to never open it and uninstall it once you get the phone.The stock browser does not compare favorably to a desktop browser in terms of speed, load times are better than on Windows Phone 6.5 but pale in comparison to a 768k DSL connection. Flash loads slowly and is difficult to navigate with touch, its support seems irrelevant to the device now that it is discontinued.Battery performance:Turn off background syncing and it is great with 2-3 days of light use. Allow just the stock apps to sync in the background and you are talking 5 hours of idle time, 2-3 hours if you are using the device. So turn off all background syncing but your corporate email for regular use.Overall, I could never recommend this phone to anyone. I do not know if I would ever buy a similar unit after the terrible experience I have had with this phone, a flip phone would be more reliable.