I am a corporate smart phone user and IT Director of my company.  Consequently, I actually oversee the cell phones for our company and get the chance to try out a lot of good phones.  To date, the Atrix has been the best I have ever used (that includes iPhones by the way).  I do not dictate what phones our users carry because I see that as a personal choice; I just make suggestions as to which phones work best with our backend systems.  Because of this openness, I see almost every high-end phone that hits the market at some point.  The Atrix has been the best up until the recent release of the Atrix 2!  Both are excellent phones.I use AT&T Premier to manage our phones and one of the benefits is I sometimes get new phones before the actual release date; that was the case with the Atrix.  I got my hands on mine a week or two before the official release and I have nothing bad to say about it.  When it first released, there were a couple of annoying limitations that either AT&T or Motorola had implemented.  For one, they had disabled the standard Android side load feature and the other was a limitation on the hot spot feature that caused it to only work when the phone had a 3G connection.  A subsequent firmware update removed both issues.  Neither issue was a major concern for me (I could still use Android ADB to load apps and I am almost always in a 3G area when I need to use the hot spot) so I was very happy with the phone and even happier with later improvements.  The only other somewhat negative attribute of the phone to me was that the back plate was very slick when I first got the phone.  I am a person who basically never drops my phone but I dropped this one twice early on because it was so slick.  My previous phone was the Nexus One which had a rubberized feel and I had to get used to the Atrix's case.  Again, not a major issue; I mentally and physically adjusted to the phone and have not dropped it since.  Plus, over time, the back has gotten a little scuffed which resulted in nullifying the slick factor.I did not read all the other reviews here but I did notice that most of the key features are covered, system specs and such.  I'll try to avoid repeating stuff that has already been covered and give you my impressions and responses to some negative comments I have seen concerning this phone.  At the time I am writing this, I have been using the phone for well over six months and know it very well.This phone is an excellent phone and at the time of release, was in my opinion, the best Android phone on the market... possibly even the best cell phone on the market.  Obviously, I have not used every phone available but of the many that I have used, the Atrix takes the top spot.  The specs of the phone were a step above everyone else at release and it has been an excellent phone.  The call quality is great and operation is smooth and very robust.  I have a bad ear and have struggled for years to find a phone that is loud enough for me to use comfortably; this has been an issue for me pretty much ever since the industry switched over to digital cell phones.  The Atrix is the first phone I have had in years that I have no problems hearing; it is quite loud enough for me to use comfortably.  And other than the two issues I listed above (which were corrected), this has been the ideal phone.Some people complain about the camera on this phone.  I find the camera to be perfectly adequate.  I do not buy a phone for its camera and there's probably not a phone on the market today that does not have a camera that would satisfy me.  I know others put more stock in cameras than I do and that's their prerogative.  The phone takes very good photos and the video is very good as well.  I have no complaints here.I have heard people complain about the battery life of this phone.  Well, the battery life is actually one of the areas where this phone absolutely shines!  I have been using smart phones for a long time and as long as they'll get through a full day without dying, I am satisfied with them.  Every smart phone I have had and/or setup or supported over the years has had to be charged every day (with one exception besides the Atrix).  This is usually a shock for feature phone users who get their first smart phone because feature phones can usually run for several days on a single charge.  The difference is that smart phones are constantly updating over the internet throughout the day which drains the battery and most have massive touch screens these days that also drain the battery; so, you pretty much need to charge them daily.  Very few will run for 24 hours and most will die well before the 24 hour mark; but I regularly get 36+ hours of life out of my Atrix and that's without using the night saver mode.  I still usually charge it every night, but when I forget, I do not worry too much because I have only completely ran it dry once or twice since I have had it.  Most of the time, it is still running when I plug it in at bedtime the second night; that's roughly 40 hours!  That's pretty awesome from a smart phone.  Keep in mind that battery life is totally dependent on how it is used and each person will have a different experience but I can say without a doubt that this phone has one of the best, if not the best, performing battery on the market.However, I have helped several people who complained about the battery life on this phone and they were not exactly wrong in their complaints.  What I found is that if you do not fully charge the phone when you first get it, before initializing it the first time, whatever your battery level is at the time you set up the phone will be the max you will get out of it.  The phone apparently assumes the phone is fully charged when you set it up and the battery manager uses that initial charge level as the base level for a 100% charge.  This may have been corrected in a later firmware update.  But using the initial firmware the phone shipped with, if the phone was at 40% when you set it up, it would show 100% after the configuration was complete and start counting down from there.  I have read comments from other users who state that the battery manager will adjust itself over a series of charge cycles.  But if you will charge the phone to 100% before you configure it, I have found that you will not encounter this issue.  If you already made this mistake, you can correct it by charging the phone overnight and then do a factory reset (Settings/Privacy/Factory Data Reset) while it is 100% charged.(Notice:  Performing a factory reset will erase everything on the phone; you will lose any text messages and call history and anything else that you do not have backed up somewhere else, including apps.  I find resetting an Android phone to be a simple task because I can quickly reload the apps I use and I do not really care if I lose old texts or the phone logs.  My contacts and e-mail are all restored when I reconfigure the phone.  There is always a period of reconfiguring apps and custom settings that can take a little time but I do not find it to be much of a hassle.  You should be aware of what will happen before you do a reset and make a backup if you are concerned about losing anything important.)Another area I see people put down about this phone is the screen.  They usually compare it to an iPhone and say it looks washed out or something along those lines.  It does not look the same as an iPhone to be sure; but the screen looks great to me.  And the automatic backlight brightness management on this phone is better than any other I have ever used; most of the time I turn them off and manage the brightness manually because phones usually do such a poor job managing the brightness themselves; but I leave the Atrix on automatic and never have a complaint.  I have compared the Atrix to an iPhone while outside in bright sunlight and while I have never seen an LCD perform well in this situation, the Atrix does seem to be more usable in sunlight to me.The Atrix runs MotoBlur and a lot of people complain about Blur.  This is probably the biggest complaint you see about Motorola smart phones in general.  The Atrix is the first MotoBlur phone I have used for any period of time but I replaced a Nexus One with the Atrix and can say confidently that there is very little difference between MotoBlur and the stock Android interface.  A lot of people prefer HTC's Sense UI over both the stock Android UI and MotoBlur but I have always liked the stock interface better myself and I found the version of MotoBlur that the Atrix runs to be pretty darn close to stock.  There are definitely a few customizations but I have not seen anything to complain about.  Motorola apparently reduced the MotoBlur impact before the Atrix came out so I can not argue about MotoBlur of the past, but the Atrix has a nice clean user interface.  Keep in mind that user interfaces are subjective and everyone has their own ideas about them; this is just my opinion.  And MotoBlur's Exchange integration is one of the best I have seen.  I used to use TouchDown because I did not like the stock Exchange e-mail app that Android provides, but the Atrix messaging app is excellent.Another area of complaint is bloatware.  Bloatware consists of apps that the carriers puts on phones to push their services and some manufacturers will install their own apps as well.  This phone does have some; but almost all of it can be uninstalled under Settings/Applications.  That's a nice touch and a change from past experiences.  There are a few that can not be uninstalled but I have not had any issues with any of them.  I do not use them and they do not take up much space; so I tend to forget they are even there.I have seen comments from people claiming that the Atrix is cheaply made and they usually compare it to an iPhone or possibly a Nexus One or some other popular phone when saying this.  I disagree; I find it to have a solid, quality feel about it.  And having dropped it pretty badly a couple of times (once it hit my foot while I was walking and was kicked across a room to land on a concrete and tile floor), it came through without a scratch!  One of my co-workers and a few of my personal friends who use iPhones have dropped them only to see them shatter when they hit the floor.  I know one guy who has had that happen twice!!!  In my opinion, the Atrix has a good solid design and the Atrix 2 only improves on that build.All in all, in my opinion, the Atrix is an exceptional phone.