Some background as the type of user that I am. I text a lot, do not really talk all that much, I am active social networker (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and I also surf the web a lot! Previous to this phone, I have never owned a smartphone at all. When my upgrade came around, I really wanted to get a smartphone. I almost got the iPhone but after doing some research, I was conviced that the Atrix is just a better option. Almost a month later, I can honestly say that I do not have a SHRED of buyer's remorse. This phone really is as good as advertised. Simply put, its the best damn smartphone on the market, period. And now, my impressions and annoyances about the phone!Pros:1.) Fast. I mean really fast. That dual core processor real ups the computing power on this baby. I put down all of the widgets and options that I could fit on to the screen to put it through its paces and the phone still moved from screen to screen with smoothness and no delay. The web options are also really quick assuming good connectivity to the network/wi-fi.2.) Lightweight and not very bulky to feel.3.) The display is a qHD display meanings the pictures and colors are very vibrant and the graphics are amazing. Although, I do have to admit, not quite as good as the iPhone's, but nonetheless still very, very good.4.) Quick sync-up with all of your social networking sites (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIN, etc) and email. it is actually kind of scary how quickly the phone does that. Plus if your friends on facebook have their numbers on their profiles... it will show up in your contacts... which I thought was kind of cool and a bit annoying.5.) The fact that it runs on the Android OS. Honestly... the customization ability of the Android OS is what makes this phone really work for me because, unilke the iOS (iPhone operating system), no two Android phones are alike. With the iPhone everyone's iPhone does pretty much the same thing, but with this Atrix, no two Atrixes are alike and you can really customize as you wish. The flexibility is such a plus and the Atrix also really allows you to play with that flexibility!6.) Great for texting/social networking w/o the annoying autocorrect crap!7.) Voice command is just freaking amazing. You can pretty much do anything with the built in voice command call people, text people, write emails, search using Google... just about anything. There is also a third party Vlingo app (which you can not unistall) but is still really handy!8.) Nice 5 mp camera plus a front facing camera if you are into voice chatting! Plus you can take 720p HD video with the VGA camera... basically its a very nice picture quality if you do not know what that means.And now for the bad parts, as amazing as this phone is, there are those as well.Cons:1.) Battery life sucks. Like it is just terrible. If you use the phone for the day, it will pretty much suck the battery life right down to zero. So you should be carrying a charger with your everywhere you go... in ther car, at work, at home, etc. When you have such a powerful phone as this, its totall unavoidable... the battery will get drained really quickly2.) The Motoblur thing is really annoying and it does not always integrate things properly, but you can not get around it. You have to deal with it.3.) Not a super intuitive phone. If you have never had a smartphone before, your goign to have to spend some time to try to get to know how this phone works. It took me literally three days of non-stop tinkering and internet searches to figure things out and I am a techie! I am still finding out new things about this phone after a month!!4.) Volume controls are a bit lacking. Things are either reallly really loud or very very soft... and not much middle ground. But I got used to it.5.) There is some bug issues. During my first week, once my phone just randomly rebooted itself, with battery full and everything. It happened while I was surfing the web... so idk if some webcontent forced it to shutdown or if something is actually wrong with the device. But since then it has not randomly rebooted itself... to my knowledge. IDK what it does while I am asleep.In conclusion. This phone, by enlarge, rocks. There are some minor details and issues with it, but nothing that is so detrimental that it will ruin the phone's experience or the functionality of the phone. You just can not go wrong with this phone!! All of you who are out in the market for a smartphone... do your self a favor and strongly consider this phone, because it really is a fantastic smartphone!