This phone is so awesome, I do not know where to start!SIZE:I'll compare it to iPhones, since it is what everybody seems to want. I have an iPhone 3GS and they are almost same size, the Atrix is just a bit taller (2 mm) and wider (1 mm), although the screen is much larger (4 in, vs 3.5 in on the iPhone).it is thinner than the iPhone 3GS (10.95 mm vs 12.3 mm on the iPhone), not as thin as the iPhone 4 (9.3 mm) and not nearly as incredibly thin as the Samsung Galaxy S2 (8.49 mm)! I have played around with the Galaxy S2, it is amazing, beautiful huge screen and unbelievably thin, but that's another review!DISPLAY:Beautiful 4-inch TFT, qHD (540 x 960 pixels), capacitive multi-touch screen, 16M colors, protected by the scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass! Awesome for web navigation even on non-mobile websites, if you can see well, you will be able to read anything!BATTERY:Capacity is of 1930 mAh, which is a pretty large battery for a phone. Talk time of about 7-8h, stand-by of about 200-400h (that'll depend on your settings, such as push notifications). I carry one spare battery around, but I am a heavy gamer (lot's of Galaxy on Fire 2 lately), and you will probably be too (at least occasionally), once you get to know the awesome power of the Tegra 2 chipset. Even so, I do not usually need the spare, it lasts me my whole work day (I leave home at about 10 AM and return at about 8 PM). Obviously I do not play much during work, but I do use it constantly for check-ins, web navigation, email, google talk, Facebook and Google+. Lots of people complain about battery life, but that's what you pay for having a smartphone with the processing power of a laptop computer.SOFTWARE:Unfortunately, it still packs Android Froyo 2.2 (at least as I write), with no predicted date for an update to Gingerbread 2.3 or Ice-cream Sandwich 2.4. 2.2 is still pretty good, runs very smoothly and has nice features such as WiFi tethering natively. I have never seen Android OS run as smoothly on any other phone as it does on the Atrix, it is beautiful! It comes with Motorola's Motoblur UI, which is pretty interesting, but I did use home replacement Launcher Pro, making it even snappier and quicker.CAMERA:As a photographer and filmographer, I barely use my Atrix's camera, I always carry my Canon around, but it has a 5 MP camera with dual LED flash, autofocus and geo-tagging. It captures video at 1280x720 @30fps and is supposed to have a firmware update that unlocks 1920x1080 recording @30fps. It is not the best camera I have seen, even on phones... I have tried the Sony Ericsson's Xperia Arc, and it seemed much better than the Atrix, specially in low light situations.It has a VGA front-facing camera which I have barely used, since I have never video-chatted with anyone, but I can let you know that the quality is not great either.CPU:This is where the Atrix shines the most. it is packed with a Dual-core 1GHz ARM Cortex-A9 processor, ULP GeForce Graphics and the Tegra 2 chipset. It'll run smoothly anything available for Android (as I write)! I have been playing all of the Tegra 2 games, such as Dungeon Defenders, Backbreacker, Fruit Ninja THD, Great Battles Medieval, Pinball HD, Riptide GP, Samurai II Vengeance, Galaxy on Fire 2... am I forgetting any? =PYou definitely need to see Riptide GP and Galaxy on Fire 2, they'll easily blow your PSP out of the water!A lot of people ask me this: yes, it runs Angry Birds... smoother than on the iPhone 4. ??If that last part got you interested, consider buying spare battery!It has HDMI out, but does not mirror the phone, it simply goes to a sort of media center Motorola has preinstalled, where you can watch your movies, photos and displays album, artist, song title, etc, as you listen to music (great for parties). You can sort of mirror the phone on the Webtop functionality, which is when you dock the phone, plug the dock to an outlet and HDMI out to a TV or monitor. It will run another OS based on Linux where you can run Mozilla Firefox among other things, and you get to see your phone's screen on a window based view. You can maximize your phone view, sort of mirroring it to your TV, but you will get performance issues on some apps since you will be running this Linux based OS on top of your Android/Motoblur.You can actually connect a USB keyboard and mouse while connected to the dock, and use it as a desktop PC. Otherwise, you can still connect a bluetooth keyboard to the phone by itself.I am extremely happy with this phone, I have always dreamt of Android running as smoothly as iOS, and this is how it happens.If you want to know anything else I have not mentioned, just let me know in the comments section below (YouTube anyone?). ^^