When I first bought my Android Matrix phone, I loved it. I took very good care of my phone and did not break it, drop it from any great height, or incur any water damage. After six months, I sent it in to AT&T for a new phone because suddenly nothing I did on my phone had volume. Luckily, the phone was still under warranty so they replaced it.I though nothing of it until six months into my new replacement phone the wireless stopped working. Instead of any wireless connections options, the phone wifi feature under settings will simply say error. Google 'Android Matrix Wifi error' and you will see what I am talking about. The issue has been made apparent to Motorola in over 3,000 complaints on Motorola online support forums and yet nothing has been done to fix it. In fact, according to one user in a online Motorola technical support forum I read, the Android Matrix is now the number one phone returned to AT&T centers due to technical difficulty. I spent over three hours on the phone with AT&T customer service who referred me to Motorola customer service. Motorola customer service's only fix was to tell me how to do a hardware reset on the phone. In fact, despite doing the hardware reset twice, it did not work and actually made the problem worse. Now, instead of just having a phone that can use my data plan and not any wireless networks, I now have a phone that randomly restarts itself every ten minutes.When I explained the problem to Motorola customer service, they wanted over 100 dollars to fix the phone. Newsflash, as you can tell the phone is only worth around 100 dollars. Plus, due to the sheer amount of people that are having the same issues as I am, I do not understand why I have to pay for an error that obviously has something to do with the phone's programing and not user error. If Motorola will not stand by their products, I am switching brands.Also, around the same time the wifi on my second phone broke, a piece fell out of the headphones so that I can no longer plug any headphones into my phone at all. Now that I have a phone that can not be used as a music player and can not be used to surf the web on the wireless internet I pay for. Essentially, after six months expect your smart phone to turn into a glorified brick that sucks money.Bottom line, I have owned two of these phones and I can tell you that this is not a sound investment. If Motorola will not fix an issue that makes the phone unusable after six months, take your money somewhere else.