Comes shipped for another language but that's to be expected as the P705 was intended for the Chinese market, works 100% on T-Mobile so far - Look to your carrier's website to see how to program your phone to connect to their data/MMS services, else it will not work, you must tell it where to connect - It is not a fault in the phone.Design:The phone is flat and square which is good because it slips in your pocket comfortably, the back is not as 'grippy' as it seems it might be - A case or replacement back may solve this (I am used to the back of my Google Nexus 7 with it is less-than-plastic backing).The buttons do not sit out too far; just enough to identify and press when needed. The battery back is a little difficult to remove without a tool or fingernails as it does not slide off, rather than snapping on. This becomes a problem when needing to access the microSD slot which for some people may be often (Stock Android connects to your computer via MTP or Media Transfer Protocol which means it does not allow the same ease of use as say a thumb drive and in the case of Windows 7 makes you confirm every file you copy over that it might not work on your device. There is also software you may download from LG for the device to transfer and backup data.)Specs, performance:The battery is as robust as to be expected, using apps, texting and such, I find I really only need to charge every other day, but this is no problem since I rarely find myself lost in the wilderness for a week.Actual battery life varies per user and the things running and connecting of course. A user smart with their battery would see days on standby, surprisingly as much as I personally turn on to mess around with the screen on, (Brightness at 28%, still very clear. The screen can get VERY bright.) the screen is the fourth on the list of things that pull power to my battery. The top items on my phone: Cell Standby, Android System, Phone Idle and finally the Screen. In the other devices I have used (Primarily tablets), the screen is usually the top pulling item, by grand leaps. This is not the case with the P705, the screen is rather easy on battery life.Power-wise, as noted, my other Android device is a Nexus 7 so I feel it is apples and oranges, however the P705 holds its own against it, very few lags and no hang-ups, though I mind to restart my phone every couple days to clear out and let it start fresh. Installing Nova Launcher on as my default home, it performs with minimal lag, though I notice a slight stutter on screen transitions (Primarily the &#34;Swinging door&#34; transition.) The default launcher performed well, however, an LG customized ICS launcher. Nothing too spectacular, hence the upgrade to Nova Launcher. Runs most apps without issue, have not tested many games outside of Osmos, which proved to make the game stutter - It's definitely not a gaming phone.Depending on your carrier, connection will always vary, however the P705 gets rather good connection that I have found so far, on average, I get better reception than I did with most of my previous phones. WiFi is not terrible, i do not lose signal nor find that I get better performance than my Nexus, either.The speaker is not terribly loud but it would work well enough to carry out a speakerphone conversation as well as you will not miss a call due to not hearing it.