This is my first time Buying a cellphone on amazon. Because of that, i spent a lot of time doing research about this model BEFORE buying.First impressions of the phone made me very happy. Its very thin and sleek. Has a very good grip but just in case, buy a TPU cover for it.The screen is amazing! It has Properties pertaining High-end Cellphones like gorilla glass and such. Sturdy and scratch resistant, It makes it a very good screen.Opening the Back case is a little messy hehe but nothing to worry about. Inside the battery case you will see that this phone supports micro SD cards, up to 32 GB if my memory serves me well.Another thing you will see is that it Uses a standard sized SIM CARD, so no worries there unless you have a micro SIM CARD. In the same area you will notice that this phone LACKS NFC CAPABILITIES . Although this was one of the reasons i bought it, it is still a superb phone so no problems there. The reason for the lack of NFC is that this phone is an asian version, thus the model number 705. The P700 however , has NFC capabilities .It has a 5 megapixels Camera on the back too. My test Photos are very good. Of course Remember that this is NOT  a camera, it is a phone.This phone has a CPU processor of 1GHZ and aside of that, a GPU of 200 MHz so its not dual core but it plays games , videos and music  with a very good performance. It also has 2.72 GB of internal storage. It says 4 in the description but it does not account for the OS so , that's it. Ram is 512 MB which is also very good and decent for a phone.Ok going For the front side of the phone you will see a notification led, and a light sensor . These two work as intended. At their side you will see a 1.2 megapixels camera, Ideal for Skype and Video Calls because it wont need to transmit a lot of high resolution video data.You will see 3 buttons. The psychical one its the home button , very simple and elegant. the other two buttons are soft touch  so they only light up when you touch the center one or if you are using the phone.On the Software side, It has Android 4.0 with an upcoming update  from LG  this year (2013). Android Runs very fast in this phone . Has a very good Integration with the hardware at disposal. Applications can be and will be installed in this phone .Live wallpaper runs smoothly. Wireless is excellent, because it recognizes 2,4 and 5 GHZ wi-fi networks.  GPS it is very exact although i do believe you will need a wireless connection for it to work. Need to test it and i'll update the review then .Another thing. This phone Being an Asian version comes with Chinese as the default language set. you will need to change it and it will promptly show at power up a message , you should choose the left option and it will prompt a language list. Sorry latin american folks but it has no Spanish/Espa&ntilde;ol so use english or whatevs.Another thing worth of notice. This phone will work In VENEZUELA, But only with two operators, Movilnet  and Movistar. I am not sure if Digitel Works but you should check the Frequency Range of this or any phone first  before buying as common senseOverall this phone is a excellent choice . I give it 9/10 points. Pretty, fast and spectacular. The Seller, Hasslefreecell Sent with the phone  a charger adapter. It was not necessary but it was very thoughtful of them .One thing You must remember, This is no Samsung S3/S2 Phone, nor an Iphone, Not a tablet. But it will prove reliable with office applications and such .Have a nice day.Thanks for reading this.Update 10-03-2013:This is Something I Promised So here it  is.I was trying the GPS and yes, it do works without Data plans or wireless connection.The thing is  it is not bulls eye precision, so you will have to adapt to it hehe.Of course if you are on the outside with the GPS on, Wifi on/data plan on , Then you will get more accurate measures.The other Thing i found out is this.A lot of users here are asking/complaining  about the lack of 3G/EDGE/GPRS/ETC data frequencies.Well the solution to this is that one must set the APN settings for the carrier of your choice so if you are in  Venezuela or other country, then try to contact your carrier about this, or look it up on the web :3, that's what i did and it worked, so that is my advice to you.Well that is mostly what i found out in this time. Phone still is rocking out, battery lasting almost 3 days with moderate use, hard as hell to scratch the screen, you get the idea. One word of advice:If you have trouble picking wi-fi signal with this cellphone , barring some exceptional circumstances, it is not probably your cellphone, It is the router.I ran into some trouble with an old router so if you have this kind of trouble, you might want to change it.That is all.Thanks again for reading this.End Update 10/03/2013Update 02/04/2013Well, LG never ceases to amaze me .This update is about the OS Software Update (*Snort*) That LG released this year 2013. This means that Now everyone has Android 4.1.2 JellyBeans Installed on your shiny LG P705. Now you all might be asking, What does this means for our cellphone? Well I'll try to point the most relevant points about this OS upgrade.All the Native applications have been revamped. They look really good and now they all have a biggest array of options.The user interface has been improved too. Now you can select the brightness of the phone, switch on/off your data plan, turn on/off power saver, turn on/off wifi hotspot,turn on/off airplane mode and turn on / off screen rotation without entering the system menu.The System fonts are now bolder so you can see everything better. This i like because it uses the screen at it is full.Be prepared. When you Update, all the Native apps the cellphone had (the chinese ones. I removed those at buying) Are going to install again. So get ready to uninstall most of them.Videos Look better than ever. I suppose they upgraded the codecs or something. Sound keeps being excellent.With AnTuTu Benchmark , before the update i got 3360 points. Now it has 4245. So now it goes faster hehe.The update comes with Google Now, which seems to be a great app as far I have tested. Good design and excellent usability.One Warning with Firefox explorer. If you try to update it and you get an error about data package, Uninstall it and then install it.Now, About how to update. You might try to Update it OTA but it might prompt a message about needing LG PC SUITE to update.So you should get LG PC SUITE as soon as possible from Lg official web. After install and cellphone connection, it will prompt you a message about the update. Be sure to connect your phone over USB CABLE, because for some weird reason, Wi-Fi would not work. (maybe because wifi might be unstable for a update???). Anyway the update process should not take too long.Unless you choose to do a backup. I did it and it just took 20 min longer so it is up to you to back up (pro tip: do the backup).Well, that's all, Mostly. Ill test the phone more thoroughly to see what else changed.Rest assured that your phone will keep being an excellent phone. Only Better.Thanks for reading the update :3End Update 02/04/2013