I have had about 2 months to play around with the phone and am very pleased so far. I owned a HTC Inspire for 2 years before purchasing this so my battery and performance expectations were already pretty achievable. The phone arrived fairly quickly and came with a male micro-usb to male usb cable, an AC to female usb wall adapter and all the manuals. After the first initial charge I plugged in my SIM card and turned it on. I am currently on a Family Mobile cell plan and works just fine after a few setting changes. Search for Family Mobile APN settings and it will show you how to configure your phone.Hardware:The phone is very sleek. I bought the white model and get compliments on how nice the phone looks frequently. At first I was surprised at how light it was but now the weight seems very natural. Some people dislike lighter phones because they do not feel as sturdy but it personally does not bother me. The back cover has a bit of a flimsy feel to it, but unless you are swapping out SIMs, MicroSDs or batteries frequently you will not notice it that much. The physical home button, the volume rocker and the tactile back and menu buttons are all sturdy and responsive. The screen lock button on the top right of the phone seems too recessed into the phone for my liking, but i am sure it helps with not accidentally unlocking your screen. The AUX jack on the top left of the phone gives a snug fit and makes good contact with the male end of the cord.Software:To start out, I absolutely love Ice Cream Sandwich. It combines aesthetically pleasing menus with tons of features. One of my main concerns with buying this phone was everyone's complaint about the single core processor. My old HTC Inspire was also a single core processor phone so maybe that's why I do not notice it that much but i have yet to experience any sort of significant lag. This being said, I also compulsively hold the home button down and close any applications i am done using so it does not eat up my process allowance and battery. I am sure if you were to leave tons of apps running in the background or if you game on your phone it might under perform for you. Video watching on this phone is very enjoyable as well. Whether it be internet streaming or a local file the picture quality is quite impressive. Playing a Blueray quality video file on the phones stock video app plays without lag or buffering which is a huge plus. Screen brightness ranges from very bright to almost off but lacks an auto brightness feature. Rooting was fairly easy once I found the right software. I could not SuperOneClick it but the LG flash tool worked fine. The camera takes decent quality pictures, but the flash is weak. This is a main weak point for me because I like to use my phone as a flashlight, but now I can not.Battery Life:This was the main feature that drew me to the phone. The battery life on the HTC Inspire is HORRIBLE so I wanted to make sure not to make the same mistake twice. Average life seems to be around 12 hours with medium use for me. Juicedefender helps quite a bit, but I also have screen brightness set to 60% (which is pretty bright). I mostly only text, browse the web, and make the occasional phone call so I think 12 hours is pretty reasonable. On the HTC Inspire I would have got 3 hours, so no complaints here. The one thing i have found to REALLY kill the battery is streaming movies and music on your mobile network. When you are connected to Wifi it is not as noticeable, which I almost always am, but for some reason mobile internet drains it. Light to no use and I think the battery would last well over 24 if not 36 hours.Overall I am still in love with this phone, especially for the price. For someone who is not on a contract (which I am not) ICS + good battery life + factory unlock + sleek design + under $200 = an awesome phone.TLDRPros:Interchangable long life batteryIce Cream SandwichAttractiveLightCheapCons:Low intensity flashCould be sluggish for some usersAwkward screen off button