This is my first smartphone, bought to use with straight talk.  Did not plan to do a lot of browsing.  This fit my budget for a 2012-release phone and the Xperia phones have good customer satisfaction.  It came down to the U or the P, which is a fair amount pricier but the same phone (processor) with more memory and an SD slot plus a slightly larger screen.  ignored friend's advice that I get the pricier phone for the additional memory (he's a gamer), and so far I do not regret it.  Lots of memory left ovcr for the several apps I have installed, and no need for an external SD card if you are not into video or music.  Even then, there's the Cloud if you have wi-fi.  Reception is good and calls are clear.  typing is definitely a little cramped on the 3.5' screen, but it has an auto landscape mode that makes it acceptable.  If you are a texter or use a huge number of apps, the P might make sense.  I am good with thisUpsides:  great price for the CPU and graphics.  great look and feel.  comes with a sony screen protector but no case, which is needed as it is a delicate little thing.  would be a great phone for someone with delicate fingers, I get by. says you can upgrade to ICS but I have enough trouble figuring out 2.3 so until it is clear the upgrade is needed I'll stick with itDownside: battery life is limited.  My old flip phone used to hold a charge for most of a week, and this one needs daily feeding, more if you leave the wifi on. I am sure the color stripe (which has no perceivable useful function and cannot be turned off) has some role in this, but a 1200 mA-hr cell does not go far .  Wonder if it will accept larger cells.An excellent phone, would buy again.  Comes with a 12 month Sony warranty in original box and shrink wrap.  Nicer than the Motorola Atrix I demoed, despite having a slightly narrower screenAddendum: have seen other reviewers comment on damage to the phone.  This is a fairly delicate plastic-body and screen phone.  One would be foolish not to clad it in a case + screen protector.  The Ecell case (available on Amazon for about $5) is really nice as a minimalist case, and will protect as well as  make it less likely to drop the phone.  There are also some beefier cases out there.Addendum #2'  I wear Carharrt pants with side-leg cell phone pockets and even with the case, this phone fits in there like a glove.  Try that Samsung S II