I am a tech geek and have used many mobiles over the years. I have used Palm, Blackberry, WinMobile, Webos, Ios, Meego, WP7 and Android. So I know the differences. Having used many of them, I have made Android my primary phone. The reasons for me are simple - I like to be in charge of my device. Customization is a choice, it is not mandatory. Many iphone owners will say oh you have to tweak your Android phone to make it useful. Nothing can be further from truth. It is entirely up to the user. There are many cool things you can do with Android that you never can on any iphone.- A proper file manager/USB storage: what is it and why it matters? If you used any USB flash drive, you know how it works. You just plug it in and it shows up as a drive and you can drag and drop ANY file in it. Android works the same way. There is no special itunes/zune-like software you need to manage your phone. it is sad that Apple charges so much for higher capacity iphones yet the storage can not be managed in any way YOU please. it is strictly designed to be a consume devices - music and video.- 'AirDroid' - simple and free app for Android that allows you to do nearly everything from a browser interface without even touching your phone. this includes file transfer, app management, send/receive txts and much more. this is very convenient because you can have your phone in your pocket.-  amysms' or  amighty text' - these are also handy as they allow you to send/receive sms without even touching your phone as long as your phone has working signal. pretty awesome in office environment.Mind you, 90% of Android customization can be done by anyone irrespective of tech knowledge. There is no rooting(aka jailbreaking in Ios world) needed. Iphone users will tell you once you jailbreak an iphone, it can be made to work like Android. Again that's completely false. Jailbreaking idevice allows a little customization but it is nowhere near Android. And you still can not do anything you want. For instance- you still can not properly manage that storage on your idevice even after jailbreaking. Because jailbreaking does not change the core OS or how it behaves.Pros:Great battery life. Charges pretty fast. Mine charges fully in roughly about an hour.Highly portable. very lightweight.Openness + Customization of Android.Better reception - I have tried using my SIM card on my LG phone which drops signal but Sony was able to retain at least one bar.Stylish - sure it is not made of aluminum but still looks and feels great on hand.Cons:No expandable storage. Again if you are a light user, it should not bother you. Mind you all iphones never offered expandable storage yet they are very popular. So it really depends on your usage. I am a heavy user and for me, the device must be flexible. And this is the only con I can mention about this device.Final words about Android. As Android is platform agnostic, you will find low end to high end Android device. You can not really judge an OS by using a crappy Android device. Xperia U is above average/mid-range phone. it is of course unlocked so you can use AT&t 3G in the usa and worlwide.