Music Unlimited amazing once you subscribe and come to grips with paying $10 per month. Have not bought any music since August 2012.Smaller than I envisioned, but it is not as much of a pain in your pocket as many others.Upgraded to Android 4.0 in a timely manner.Noticed a bit of a lag after the upgrade, but the added benefits outweigh any other concerns, especially the ability to configure proxy settings for wifi based corporate/university environments, and also of controlling the amount of data used.Use on At&t with perfect functionality.The 3D camera is probably the most awesome feature that comes with it, although it is getting to be more common now.The design utilized by Sony has got people constantly noticing my phone. it is nice to be noticed in the sea of Iphones which choke my university.The timescape feature is kinda cool, sometimes it has issues loading, especially from facebook, but twitter is much more my style anyways, so that's not a big deal. I almost removed all the facebook stuff a while ago, but decided against it for now.I wish the timescape feature had instagram... if it had Instagram I would be a massive fan.I use it for everything from Music Unlimited, to intense emailing (4 accounts), calendar synchronization, Any.do for tasks, camera, social media, keeping up with Arsenal and Carolina Hurricanes, weather, finances, skydrive, OneNote, oh yeah.. it has a phone in it too, haha. It handles each of these tasks quite well. When I am really pushing multi-tasking I do have to be careful not to overload it. I definitely recommend finding threads online which give tips on freeing up some RAM.one last thing that does catch people's eye, is the LED bar at the bottom. I got an app that will light it up when I get notifications, which I have customized for my preferences, but when that starts going off, my friends will be like.. uh dude, you are phone is pretty awesome. I agree.. it is :) Def going to be trading up by next summer, but I do want to shout out to Sony on the design especially. It is getting noticed, keep it up!