I bought this because I did not want to get the same phone as my ex--Xperia Play--but I wanted a Sony Xperia, and I wanted an Android. Plus this had a decent price tag, and since it was not tiny like the HP Veer (which I had initially chosen and ultimately returned), I thought it did be the best fit for me for the money.Looking at it, it probably is not the most visually appealing phone on the planet. It is rectangular, relatively slim and fits pretty nicely in your hand, and the clear strip toward the bottom of the phone lights up depending upon the color theme you choose. The bottom of the phone has a removable color cap that you can choose to pull off and replace with another color (I bought the black Xperia with an optional white cap). I only recently learned how to remove the cap, but I do not plan on putting the white cap on--do not see any importance in the matter. There's also some kind of green bulb on the back--cosmetic purpose?This phone has a front and back facing camera. I did not realize I was in for this kind of treat when I bought it. Though I have not used it yet, I am capable of face chatting with people using this phone. In order to get the Sim card in, you have to pull off the back of the phone and insert it in the side like you would an SD card (and this does NOT have an SD card slot--disappointing). I like for my phones to back up as mp3 players, and the fact this did not have expandable memory almost convinced me to return it. I thought I did give it a fair chance. However, I do appreciate not being forced to turn my phone completely off in order to insert/eject the sim card. It tends to restart itself once it realizes you have inserted, but it is fully functional even without a card, so you can still use your phone if you pull it out, unlike some other phones.It comes with Gingerbread, but it is capable of running Ice Cream Sandwich. With ICS I feel there's some sluggishness. Either I have adapted to the speed or the speed has improved.I have only had this phone for a few months, and I am having some issues with the battery already. I thought using Power Management (this turns off data traffic while the screen is off, but turns it back on when the screen is on) would be a huge improvement. It turned out not to be. I turned off Power Management yesterday, and I actually see my battery lasts longer without it. I have no emails or accounts syncing, my screen is at its lowest brightness....I am going to see if the Mobile BRAVIA Engine (quality enhancer for pictures/videos) was the issue.Overall I love this phone. it is a great purchase for anyone looking for a GSM unlocked at a good price or someone who wants a good Android and does not need tons of space for much more than apps. it is also proved to be an awesome starter Android phone for me.