I do not think I want to compete at the level of technical detail with other reviews available for this camera. I have had it for about a week now and still learning about all these features. Probably not a good DSLR for a beginner as in this camera there literally are knobs with knobs on them. The behavior is almost absurdly customizable, but, on the other hand, if you know what you are doing, you can really bring out the power of this camera. Some of the features that I like:1) In-camera RAW processing. Shoot an image in raw mode, but if you do not have the computer to develop, you can develop them while in the camera into JPEGs.2) Many-many modes of shooting multiple frames at different rates.3) Multiple exposure mode (with automatic EV compensation). Helps creates interesting effects.4) Look and feel - very solid5) Support for many older Pentax lenses (although if your older lens does not have the 'A' automatic aperture setting, it is not easy to use, as exposure evaluation is only available in the optical preview, and not while you are framing live - I did put that as a minus)6) 3 preview modes: still, live and optical (for testing depth of field and exposure). Live view is not terribly useful. I am still wondering why people want it.7) Extreme programmability8) In-camera shake reduction (means I can use my older 200mm lens and get the benefit of it)9) The 18-55mm lens is a pretty decent general-purpose lens. You did need something else if you want to do macro shots or want that up-close-and-personal zoom at 500ft.Some minuses:1) The RAW processing software, while definitely usable, seems to have been written last century. Claims to only work on XP SP2 and Vista, but works fine on my Win2K. Anyway, anyone serious about RAW processing will probably invest in something more substantial.2) As I said earlier - buttons with buttons on them. Can be intimidating, I am still finding myself running after the manual once in a while. On the other hand, I am continuously discovering new things ('..I did not know it could do that!..')3) See my note about older lenses.I have compared it against similar SONY and Nikon offerings in the past, and have no regrets with buying this one. Basically I know if the pictures do not come out quite the way I want them, it is not the fault of the camera.