I did like to offer some advice, learned the hard way, to people thinking of buying the K20D.Firstly, buy it!  At this price....Secondly, I would not buy the kit lens.  I did, and I hardly ever use it.  It's OK, well built and not expensive.  But it will not give you those WOW factor photos you did expect from your investment in a top quality DSLR.  If you want that WOW factor, I personally recommend you move fast to find a good deal on the Pentax FA 50mm f1.4 prime lens.  If you can get one for under $260 (at time of writing), you'll have a wonderful, low cost prime.  But do it right now, before it goes the same way as the top rated 35mm f2, which is now hard to find and expensive. It'll help you take wonderful photos, particularly portraits in-doors without flash.  Its very, very sharp outdoors.  I'll guarantee friends and relations will say:  great photos, what camera are you using?  And camera experts will say:  great photos, what lens are you using?  You may have to jump around a bit to get a good composition with its focal point - but why not look like a serious photographer?  It you can not or do not want to invest in a top quality lens, then I did stick with a point and shoot or consider the next two options.Thirdly, for maximum entertainment, I did buy a value-for-money zoom lens like the Tamron 70-300mm macro.  This lens is not the best of breed.  You can go that route when you have mastered all the 'photographer's at fault' issues - or if you have money to burn.  It's a lot of fun outdoors and it'll produce very fine photos (up to around 250mm).  I have used it for numerous photos of my 6 and 7 year old girls playing with pets, friends, creepy crawlies, as well as other 'Daddy objects' far away, like planes and the moon.  Plus it has a macro feature that is a bit of a hassle to set but works well.  In other words - it is a lot of fun!Fourthly, try an old Pentax/Takumar lens on the body.  Go shopping on eBay you'll find some of the greatest ever lenses/glass for sale at ridiculous prices (compared to new lenses).  Buy a proper Pentax adaptor, change the aperture ring setting in the Custom Setting Menu to: 2 Permitted, so that the shake reduction will work on a totally manual lens, and you'll be able to take some fantastically evocative photos.  I have got three 35 year old Takumars, and its amazing the range of photo styles I can produce - from razor sharp to creamy '1960s' looking colors.  You'll really get to know how to use the camera to its full potential.  My Takumar 55mm is the my pick.  The only real problem is that with manual focus its hard to catch fast moving children.  But then its back to the FA 50mm.Finally, the expert reviewers are right, you DO need to (and should not have to) + EV compensate most times to get a perfect exposure, and sometimes the auto focus could be better, but they are quirks you can overcome...also...if you have Canon software from your point and shoot digital camera, use this for managing and sending out your photos, its easier than learning the Pentax software...UPDATE November 2009.  Ca not say I did not warn buyers.  In August you could buy the Pentax 50mm for $260.  Now its heading towards $400 and rising.  Just like the old 35mm.  Would I buy the 50mm at $400?  Yes, just.  Its a super lens.  But any higher and I did look at another great lens: the Sigma 50mm 1.4  Its big, its heavy, but its very good.  I have used both.