Three years later (July 2011) - I love a lot of things about this camera. I also bought a SMC DA wide angle and telephoto lenses with the camera and boy did I get good shots on safari. The only problem at the safari was that people looked at me with a 'You are scaring the animals with the noise' look in their eyes. It has a really noisy shutter that I do not like at all. Still it did take some really great shots. The camera also feels solid and has a great construction. It can go up to 1.5 kilos with my telephoto, which by the way is an awesome as it goes from 18-250. The wide angle is so fabulous that it also looks good in addition to being good! After a lot of transportation between countries, for some reason, my battery grip has stopped working after 2 years. Would I buy a Pentax again? Well, it depends. I'll keep my lenses and probably sell the camera soon because in the next two years or so, Pentax may get out a camera that has a less noisy shutter and vastly improve on other areas. This is important to me as I take a lot of shots in the wild. Or I may just keep it and also get a full frame Canon for the wildlife stuff. I like the Pentax body much better than the Canon body as it has a beautifully solid feel to it and sits nicely in your hands. I found the canon body a bit effeminate.On a scale of 1-10, I did rate it 8 if you are a person who is not a professional photographer but an amateur enthusiast. Pentax has always prided itself as a great camera for beginners as they have a short learning curve with its simplicity of design and in that sense, they really do deliver. If you are thinking of specializing in things that involve fast movement such as a bird taking flight from a branch or something moving quickly, I did look elsewhere as this falls short in this area. The result is a lot of blurred images. Sometimes I just put it aside and took my pana aim and shoot and got spiffier pics.I cannot answer for professionals as I am not one but the pentaxian.com has some interesting takes by professionals that you may want to check out.