I was the unfortunate victim of a thief. My camera bag containing all of my equipment was stolen. I had the new Nikon D90 and loved it. My insurance company reluctantly awarded me a check that covered about a third of the replacement cost for the Nikon gear I lost. I decided that until I had saved enough money to replace the D90 I would buy a less expensive camera to pass the time.  Let me start by saying I am not a pro, but have a few years as an amateur. I spent a week doing research online (thank you dpreview). The result was the Pentax K20D. I purchased it from Amazon for 669, an absolute bargain as it turns out. My wonderful family gifted me with the DA 18-55mm version 2, the 55-300mm telephoto, and the battery grip, all made by Pentax.  The build quality is the best I have ever experienced!! Stainless steel frame inside a plastic fiber reinforced exterior shell, more rubber seals than you can imagine, and sealed doors for the memory and battery ( real doors!!). The lenses are as rugged as the body and battery grip, with terrific rubber grips grooved deeply, making a solid and rugged feel that I am in love with. The Pentax weighs about a third more than the D90 but it feels great and I think it gives me a steadier hand. I think the ergonomics are better than Nikon or Cannon, and It's about the same body size as the D90, I miss the Nikon LCD but I would not go back.  The picture quality is just mind blowing, the D90 produced great pictures as well, and I think that this camera equals it in most cases, and exceeds it in others. I have read reviews that claim the K20D shows excessive noise at ISO 1600+, but I rarely ever shoot above 800 so it is not an issue for me. Another issue for reviewers was the frame rate, only 10% of my work is sports or other projects that would necessitate a high frame rate so this camera is fine for me. The K20D produces large image files, a product of a 14.6 mp sensor, and my choice of file type, so it can be slow to save to the memory card. I need to research faster SD cards.  I have about 2000 photographs under my belt with this camera and until Pentax updates the K20D I will not be looking for another. The in body shake reduction reduces the cost of lenses and works very well. Live view, and articulating LCD screens are not something I am interested in so those innovations missing or not done well on this model are not an issue for me. If you want or need either of those buy a point and shoot, this camera is designed for experienced shooters and does not have a lot of the automatic or 'green' modes that entry level DSLR cameras have, Pentax makes those cameras but I do not own one.  If you are shopping for a camera this is a great piece of equipment and the peripherals made by Pentax are outstanding. I have only one complaint and that is the LCD screen as compared to the Nikon D90, I hope that tops the list for the next incarnation of the K20D.