Pentax K20D Digital SLR Camera with Pentax SMC DA 18-55mm AL II Zoom Lens + Tamron 70-300mm Di LD Macro Lens + 8GB SDHC Card + Spare D-LI50 Battery + Case + Cameta Bonus Accessory Kit (Purchased on 02/14/2009)I received this kit and have been very happy with it *****The K20D is amazing. Found the build quality to be top-notch, feels solid in the hands.  This camera has been very ez to work with and the learning curve has not been to steep. The pictures are beautiful and sharp, have a few that I have had printed out at 24'X30' and they look great. The 18-55 Pentax lens it top notch for a kit lens, very sharp, focuses very well even in low light plus you can always tweak the focus manually.  The D-LI50 battery is amazing. 500 shots ez if you use the flash some, 1000 if you do not do a lot of flash.  I can not say enough about this camera.  Oh... and low light performance is good too, compared to every camera out there. Want less noise, turn the settings up, and all of the reviews have been done with factory default which is NR off.Now the badThere are 3 sets of people this camera is not for.1st.  If you like to do a lot of long exposures over 5 min (star gazers).  The way the sensor is set up, any exposure over 1 sec or so, the camera hot pixle hunts for a time equal to the exposure time. If you take a 5-minute exposure the camera exposes the sensor for 5 min then closes and hot pixel hunts for another 5 min, effectively locking out the camera for 10 minutes total.  This can put a cramp on the number of shots you can take, especially if you like doing 1-hour exposures.2nd. PROFESSIONAL SPORTS.  It's not that you can not take good action shots with this camera, you can. (I have great air show pics from my K1000 film, stopped dead) but the frames per second are too slow for someone making a living at it. You will also spend $1500-$2500 USD more. For having fun with the kid's games or any other than that, you want to get paid for shooting it is fine.  Just try to anticipate your shots the way you would a film camera and you will be fine.3rd.  Sadly, if you are the type that likes to run down to the corner camera shop and pick up the latest lens flash or other PENTAX SPECIFIC item FORGET IT.  The new owners of Pentax have pretty much dumped all of their smaller retailers so they are not carrying the cameras and lenses. I live in the Dallas area and have been to most of the shops here and I have heard the same story from every one of them. Their reps are gone and they do not do the volume needed to keep the cameras and be competitive.  So for the most part, lenses and flashes will have to be gotten on line.  Anything not body specific (filters) your fine.Tamron 70-300mm: This lens came with this bundle. For the price, it is a nice lens with one major flaw, PURPLE FRINGE.  If you have the lens wide open and at full mag, its pretty bad and depending on what your shooting it will be impossible to get rid of post process.  Keep it at f8 and around 250mm and it does a great job.  For a budget zoom, its not bad.  Just remember budget. ***SPARE Battery: D-LI50 battery. This bundle comes from Cameta Camera and the spare battery they are sending is an NP-400. Compared to the D-LI50 it is about 1/3rd to1/2 weaker.  As soon as I saw it was not what they stated in the ad.  I emailed them and asked about it, thinking it was a mistake.  I received this response:' Hi,Thanks for contacting us. The battery that you received is the replacement battery for the DL-I50. This battery is made to replace 3 different batteries that are used in 3 different cameras, the Pentax as well. Using the battery will not void your warranty since it will work perfectly in your camera.If you do not want it than we can take it back for a purchase price refund through Amazon.If you would please be so kind as to return the battery in its original packaging to the address listed on the top of your invoice, marked to the attention of the 'Returns Department,' I would be most appreciative. Please be sure to include a copy of your invoice, as well as a brief note describing the reason for the return. Once we do receive said unit back at our facility, we will process the return and refund.'So I opened it up and gave it a shot (TOO LATE NOW) 200 shots 50/50 with flash and this battery is gone.  **Cameta Camera got me the order with in a week, it arrived well packed and with the above exception as promised.  I would buy any major item from them any time but for the small stuff I would call and see if they are subbing out 1st.  ***Over all  ****I will put some pics up shortly