All the camera I could ever want.  Amazing ergonomics.  All the customization I need.  Picture quality to salivate for... especially low light capability.  I have owned the previous version of this camera, the Pentax K10d which uses the 10 MP chip made by Sony which is also used in several Nikon cameras like the D80, and high ISO pics (like 800 and above) are a bit noisy in these older cameras which require a bit more work to get rid of the graininess.  The K20d on the other hand is much cleaner at these higher ISO's with a lot of detail.  Most other cameras in this class tend to use a lot of noise reduction at these higher ISO's which makes for a relatively clean picture but these cameras also reduce a lot of sharpness and detail in the process.  The K20d leaves the detail and sharpness and lets me use more advanced noise reduction software to take care of the areas that I think need it (try noiseninja or neat image).Weather sealing - awesome for those who like to hike, sports, or street photography.  I took my camera and a da* Pentax weather sealed lens in to a snowstorm and had no concerns taking pictures... And this kind of build quality that helps keep water and dust out of your camera is something you can feel: the camera is just solid and feels like it laughs at the elements.Image stabilization in the body - EVERY lens you put on this camera will benefit from image stabilization.  I took some pictures in an old church which was not lit well at all, and even without a tripod, I was taking pictures with a 50mm lens at 1/20th of a second and the vast majority of my images were sharp.  My old camera without stabilization required me to have shutter speeds of around 1/80th to get reliably sharp images.  This is a difference of 4 times as much light the camera needs to make an equally exposed picture!  The images at 1/20th are much better exposed and I do not have to turn up the ISO to a point where the image is too grainy like I would have to do on other cameras without stabilization.  This feature is especially important if you take pictures indoors... lower shutter speeds without blinding everybody with flash is so much less intrusive.Custom Focus Adjustment - as much as we expect perfection, lenses often have differences in how they focus.  Being able to adjust the focus forward or backwards on up to 20 lenses is critical if you want razor sharp images.  This is a main reason I upgraded from the K10d... it makes a huge difference!14.6 MP - This much detail is clearly not necessary... unless you need to crop.  I find that if I need a fast lens because of low light (say, if I need an f stop of lower than 2) then I am usually using a prime lens (fixed focal length = no zoom) and sometimes I can not get as close as I did like b/c of furniture or maybe the action is happening NOW and I do not have time to move.  With this many megapixels, I can crop a lot and focus on the important part of my picture and still have enough detail to print 8x10's or even 11x14's if I want.Yes, this camera is a few hundred dollars more than an entry level DSLR... but really it should be much, much more expensive than that.  It's an amazing camera that I could easily use for many years.  And my pictures have benefited from it... Getting this quality of a camera for less than a thousand bucks is an amazing value!