I have used my K10D for two years and never thought I did replace it.  I played with the K20D at PMA and thought although it was a better body, it was not so much better to justify ditching the K10D as my primary body.  I decided to wait until the next body, perhaps the ?K30D? came out and pick up the K20D at a steal.  Watching the price drop, I decided to go ahead and get a K20D.  I cannot be more pleased with the K20D.There are some really nice touches and additions to the K20D compared to the K10D, many of them not mentioned anywhere I have seen.  One addition that I think is nice is that the auto-bracketing can be set to fire 3 or 5 times with one shutter button release.  (You do not have to hold the release button down)  The shutter sound is less harsh compared to the K10D, closer to to  Nikon sound (not a big deal, but it just sounds better)I have taken some test shots at the higher iso levels, could not be more pleased.  Noise is still there at an iso of 1600, but almost non-existent at lower levels.  The K20D takes much better low light photos vs. the K10DI have to admit I gave thoughts a few months ago to jumping to the Nikon platform.  I borrowed a N90 and a N300 from a shop to see if they were that much better then the K10D I had.  Although the Nikons are great bodies, I felt the Pentax K10D had features I needed and had a better feel in my hands.  The only thing I liked better with the Nikons was the burst speed, which the Pentax bodies admittedly perform poorly.  Then again, I am not going to be taking pictures at the Olympics or a Nascar race anytime soon, so the 3fps on the Pentax bodies suites me.  Now, with seeing the additional features on the K20D, I know I made the right choice to stick with the Pentax platform instead of going to the Nikon platform.  Additionally, very high quality lenses from Pentax are available at a lower price point vs the big two.  (Canon & Nikon)I am happy I have added this body to my stable of dSLR's.  Worth the price for such a great performer.