First, a quick disclaimer - I am not a pro but probably fall into the serious amateur category after falling in love with my old Minolta Maxxum 7000 over 20 years ago. I am the person behind the camera at all the parties and occassionally get the exceptional shot worthy of a few 'oooh and ahhhs'. I have also been holding out on buying anything more than a simple toss around digital until the cost and quality of dslr's were to my liking. As the price and quality of 10+ mp dslr's are now in the comfort range I decided to chuck the point and shoot junk I have been making do with and began shopping in earnest. After testing the Canon the speed seemed nice but I was not impressed so I narrowed it down to the Nikon 300 - it seemed to have everything I was searching for in a versatile camera. After adding decent quality lenses, storage, a few extras etc the price was going to come in at roughly $3,500 on sale...not bad but enough to make me take one last look around. On spur of the moment my better half said take a look at Pentax - they have been around forever and are known for making above average lens.So, the K20D pops up with a 14+ mp on sale for $800 or 1/2 the Nikon...so far so good but I was a bit nervous about ordering it despite the good reviews. I spent the better part of the day researching the camera  and decided to give it a shot [sorry - bad pun].Ordered the K20D ($800), 8 gb card ($35), battery grip ($120), extra battery pack ($20), remote ($20) tripod ($18 on special), camera strap (free promo) and the Pentax 18-250 mm lense ($350). For $1350 I now have a very versatile camera for almost a 1/3 of the price of the Nikon....suffice to say based on price alone I am one happy shopper. UPDATE: also added the Tamron 90mm Macro with 1:1 for another $365 after rebate. Good additional lens with a few issues (see my review on it separately). Between the two - have a nice 1:1 macro and portrait lens with a terrific 'all around' lens...also added several filters [uv, polarizing, close up] an inexpensive tripod and another inexpensive monopod plus some excellent books...all for less than the cost of the Nikon with one lens!Now, for the performance, look feel etc. The 14+ mp really make a difference - resolution is excellent and compares favorable to film. For the first time I do not feel like I am missing anything major. This camera takes some beautiful shots even with my own limited testing.The weight and feel are very nice - everything is ergonomically correct at least for my hands, intuitive access on all controls, solid and best of all - sealed! Screen size is adequte and I really appreciate the ability to set colors, font size and other adaptations to fit my needs. Diopter is also adjustable. The lens is reviewed apart but was a great all around choice - responsive and adequate although I intend to purchase additional dedicated/primary lens options soon. One thing I REALLY like about this Pentax is the backward compatibility - Pentax DSLR's allow the use of older Pentax lens so eBay and other options become a great way to find a quality lens at an affordable price. Since my old pricey Minolta lens' are no longer of any use that is a big bonus at least until Sony puts something decent on the market. In the meantime, this was a good starter lense [18-250 mm] that works well with the camera.The menu and pre-sets are easy to use and versatile although I quickly found myself preferring manual - that is just a personal bias however. Preview was easy to use. There are a lot of negative mention regarding the Live screen option...having been playing with slr's for 20+ years I have never used the screen to take photos with but tested it for a few minutes and found it easy enough to use - just not sensitive to take a quality photo. It is possible to zoom in the live preview mode (contrary to what a few have mentioned) but all in all - it is not a feature I use enough to make a valid statement about.The only other 'flaw' that makes the camera less than perfect is the 3fps - it is substantially slower than other DSLR's on the market. Since I rarely shoot sports or have need for speed - it is not a major consideration for me however, I would have gone with the Nikon if it were. This camera is able to shoot rapid series of shots in low quality settings of up to 21 fps - a fun little addition for playing around with but with a quality so low it is not going to give more than email quality.A few things I REALLY liked about the camera - other than price, resolutoin and intuitive design were several of the upgraded features. In addition to sealing both the camera and battery pack, the ability to take shots in raw and jpeg format at the same time is a great option. Likewise, this is fully compatible with adobe format so saves need for changing formats or fooling around with various options - just set on dual use and go. The battery pack with an extended memory card expand this to a considerable level. I was able to get about 750 pictures off just one battery using a flash part of the time and high resolution settings. The battery pack is very ergonomic, adds a battery back-up that is easy to switch and also allows storage for an additional card and remote control. When fully charged I expect to put at least 1500 photos on the card and battery before changing out - easily.The camera comes with battery and charger, inexpensive camera strap - neigther were mentioned when I was buying so I ordered a battery charger that had to return.One additional note - in addition to 10% off the price of a decent/versatile lens - be sure to register before the end of the year. Pentax is offeringa FREE upgrade to 3 year warranty on this purhcase!!! That beats all others hands-down. In addition to the pentax 18-250 mm lens, I also purchased the Tamron 90 mm macro which has a $90 rebate AND 6 year warranty right now. Good stuff! Good deals - even if Amazon has lowered the price $35 since I bought this a week ago [argh] and offers a free camera case that I missed [double argh]. Still very pleased.Will try to review again after having owned/used but so far REALLY pleased with price, performance and resolution of the camera.UPDATE: I have now owned this for several week and had a couple opportunities to use it in different settings - outdoor shots, inside with a little  amini studio' for portraits, some macro work etc... although the 'user' [myself] is rusty and still learning all this camera is capable of doing - the results are consistently great....even when I thought they would be inferior. The range of this camera is pretty amazing especially in low light settings or shadows where other camera's begin to show extreme noise. Side by side comparison to a more expensive Canon model - this took more clear shots hands down...in fact, this can actually allow ISO settings up to 6400 {although not great quality at that level] whereas the Canon can not even attempt it. At more modest levels, this handles photos with ease while the Canon has already started showing serious noise distortion.In fact, the one issue I have run into while taking portraits was 'too true to life'. This camera shows every detail - much to the dismay of at least one or two aging family members. Of course, that is easy to correct in a good program but if resolution is what you are searching for this one has it!Another great feature is the bracketing. I am interested in pursuing a bit of High Dynamic Range photography - something new that is made possible by the digital format. I have not had an opportunity to delve into this much yet but the resolution of this camera combined with the bracketing feature make it a LOT easier to get started in this creative endeavor. After purchasing several books on the topic I was a little worried about the complexity - no need. This camera makes it relatively simple to try out this fun and creative new method. While it is not something I plan to use all the time, it IS a fun and exciting area that expands the entire photography field beyond what was ever possible with film.Finally, for those that appreciate black and white photos - I can report this provides a very nice redition. This was originally another area of concern for me since so many digital pictures seem to have either a yellow or reddish cast rather than true black and white/greyscale. While much will depend upon who you use for printing the pictures, at least you will find a responsive greyscale with this camera. VERY little to No need for modification in Photoshop - nearly all were excellent straight from the camera setting.Cannot say enough good things - combined with the extended 3 year warranty currently offer [and the big price reduction offered by Amazon...argh] this is a no-brainer. Buy it - you will like it!