Oct. 2008, I am a Wildlife Photographer. This  is a great Camera. A little too good for the standard Pentax lenses. The resolution that the Camera supports is wasted on the optics of standard lenses. If you buy this camera, spend the extra 3 or 4 hundred dollars for the Pentax SMC DA* Series 16-50mm f/2.8 ED AL IF SDM, or the Pentax SMC DA* Series 50-135mm f/2.8 ED IF SDM lenses. The standard lenses are great for the K20d's predecessor, the K10D, but not the K20D. If you want to get the most from the K20D, a very Sharp lens will take full advantage of the resolution it supports. I have an older Pentax 100mm Macro lens that is allot clearer than the Package lenses that are normally sold with the K20D. Regardless of the lens you use on the K20D, make sure you take advantage of the Camera's AF (Auto Focus) adjustment to fine tune each lens with the camera. I have several lenses so I keep a note pad with the camera lenses with the correct AF adjustment setting for each lens. I was able to tweak a little more sharpness from the 2 standard lenses I bought, but they still are not as sharp as the above 3 lenses.  I have shot over 3,000 pics from the Camera in just 1 month so far, and I am ecstatic about the Camera's capabilities. Make sure you buy a SD card with enough space to meet your' requirements. I bought 2 Transcend  16GB SD cards, and I am so Glad I did. I love the large LCD on the camera, to review my pictures.  The only cons I can see on this camera are; The LCD Viewer works poorly in outdoor lighting situations, even with the brightness at max. You need to find a well shaded spot to review your pics. Not a huge inconvenience for me, considering the camera's other advantages. Buy an extra battery too. I have 3 batteries total, since I am away from recharging sources for days at a time.  If you are a Portrait Photographer, you'll like the camera's Bundled 'Remote Assistant' Software that allows you to see your image on a Monitor as you shoot your pictures. May, 2009. I just bought the Pentax DA 18-250mm f/3.5-6.3 ED AL IF Lens for this Camera. It shoots a much sharper image than the Pentax DA 55-300mm f/4-5.8 ED Lens that I bought originally.