Have been using the K20D since June 08 and am very pleased with both the image quality as well as the features and functions.Controls and flexibility are outstanding with significant customization available.  At 14.1 MP it is definitely a class leader in resolution.Things I love: - Most importantly excellent image quality (when combined with the DA*  lenses): sharp,clear and good color rendition, & dynamic range. - Shake reduction built into the body which enables the use of any lens  in order to gain the benefit. - Additional ability to further customize image quality for contrast,  sharpness, color, hue for 5 deferent presets. Not really necessary,  but available if you so choose. - Ability to simultaneously shoot JPEG+RAW (pre-set or on demand) - Intuitive controls and menus - Excellent displays in both the main LCD screen as well as the top  LCD(excellent back lighting in the top LCD: bright green  illumination). - Compact size for smaller hands, but good fit for larger hands when  coupled with the battery grip (I have reviewed the grip separately). - Very quiet shutter sound - Good fit and finish (solid build) & moisture/dust sealedThings I wish it had: - On demand composition grid in view finder (Advantage D300) - Button adjustment for White Balance. The K20D requires that you get  to a menu first.  Not a big issue since auto WB seems to work very  well in 99% of my usage conditions. - Protective cover for the main LCD (Advantage D300). I currently use  an after-market product.The K20D has been rated low in its Frame Per Second ability (3 FPS compared to the Canon at 6 FPS).  If you require his FPS burst rate (i.e. sports journalism), this will be a handicap.  For my usage, it is not an hinderance and therefore I discount the need for an ultra fast FPS burst rate.I recommend the DA* series lenses to get the best out of the K20D.  These lenses are a tad pricey, but still less expensive than Canon's equivalent L series lenses.  The image quality of the DA* lenses is outstanding and complement the K20D very well especially with the SDM focusing (fast and quiet)and weather-sealing.This camera is definitely for the enthusiast/prosumer.  When I was shopping for a new camera, I tried both a D300 and the K20D for a good 3 week trial each.  Based on my user experience, I opted for the K20D and have no regrets.