disclaimer - going to write this in an almost bullet'ed fashion to save time.reasons why i bought this: -already have old pentax lenses. (work fine with it. 2 lens from 1960)-14.6 megapixel. i read that its comparable to the 35mm negative in enlargement. that's true. after scanning and old negative at 1200 dpi, the lens captured the same amount of detail. it is pretty amazing.-weatherproofing. in the past, i have always used very old manual cameras -because they are built like a tank, and will never break. and usually do not need a battery. this is about as close as you can get for under 1500$ i believe. and if i am spending money, i do not want to buy another for many a year.-2 knobs. as someone who's never used a camera with  amodes', this is perfect. the aperture and shutter are very easy to control, so the picture comes out how you did like it. also as a plus, the only  amodes' this has are useful. aperture priority, shutter priority, manual, hyper program, and sensor priority. no fireworks, portrait, sports.... etc.-a few plusses i was not expecting. double and triple exposures are possible in camera. the anti shake is amazing. i can shoot down to 1/10th of a second with almost no problem.-when shooting in black and white, you can use in camera 'filter' effects. it has an ifra red filter that while is not a true infra red look, it does have a very high contrast, and seems to pull more tones out of any available scene.negatives: (kindof)-at work we use a nikon, the buttons and meter are reversed. so i have to stay used to two setups.-the preset white balances are close, but not dead-on. the transitions are very subtle, so i do not think anyone who was not there will know.. but at the same time i do not mind at all. if i do not adjust the white balance, some images kind of take on a weirdly enhanced look.-in very low light, the autofocus has a challenge. again, not a problem because it has a manual focus.- the weatherproofing. the camera is tough as hell, but unless you use a certain lens set (i read) that water could enter where the lens meets the body. (so far i have yet to shoot in a hard rain though)Update. Had this camera for over a year now.Resolution is still amazing. The white balance thing, set to auto, is usually perfectly fine. For other situations, the manual white balance is great.The screen is hard to see in bright light (as is every other camera i have used) so turning up the brightness helps.Autofocus is pretty fast. At work we use the Nikon D90, which is also pretty fast on autofocus, but is not as sharp all the time. Also, speaking of nikon; on the pentax, almost every control is customizeable. One of my nitpicking was having to be used to 2 opposite control sets. I just changed the pentax to be very similar to the nikon setup, which is very convenient for my sanity.Overall, still an amazing camera. Of all I have used, still the best.