Just made a request to return the item. WiFi issue never resolved for me. On Google's Nexus One forum, there are tons of users who have complained abt the WiFi issues. Some said it was resolved after 2.3.4 while for others, it became even more worse. My case fell in to the later category. Really really really loved the phone. I perhaps will give another try to this smartphone. So my initial verdict remained the same abt whether you want this phone or not.One more thing: The battery cover is very very hard to open and I almost gaveup thinking i wont be able to get my sim out of it[thanks i did in the end but yes it is an issue]2 more things that happened to me this weekend were:1.The phone hung once and I had to restart it2.Whenever I played Angry Birds/Fruit slice on the phone and then exit the application, the Menu starts flickering. The solution was to go to home screen, select menu, then Manage Apps and then return back to home screen. This is minor but annoying issue and I mentioned it here b/c some people are very sensitive in what they select. That was an 'ignoreable' issue for me though!UPDATED 06/09/2011 @ 3:04 PMNopes, the WiFi connectivity is still extremely weak in the office on Nexus One and is 'non-existing' @ home :(UPDATED 06/09/2011:Well, I managed to update to Gingerbread 2.3.3 manually and then the device made an OTA update to 2.3.4. My device came with Vodafone UK rom. My device config was as follows:Android Version: 2.2Baseband Version: 32.41.00.32U_5.08.00.04Kernel Version: 2.6.32.9-27227-g3c98b0d haley@m4-dev #1Build Number: 2.16.405.1 CL223106 release-keysIf any one of you have this as your device configuration, then OTA updates are less likely to arrive since Vodafone is delaying it. So, to resolve this, I have to manually update it. The single link that I used to do it is:[...]After the original Gingerbread[2.3.3], the wireless problem became even more worse. However, today in the morning my device popped up a 'System Update Available' message and I updated it to version 2.3.4. The WiFi managed to 'hookup' at home but with very weak signals. I am right now in the office and will update the information once I went back home and see how the WiFi behaves. In the office, it is showing 2 bars and apparently have not been disconnected yet. So, I am positive that the issue might have been resolved.ONE MORE NOTE ABOUT SELLER:I bought it from Ross Cellular [Fulfillment By Amazon] and yes the phone was 'SEALED n BRAND NEW'. Ca not comment on any other reseller.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I have had this phone since yesterday and I really really like it the moment I opened up the package. It is sleek, modern looking and comfortable to use. However, it has 2 major issues[one of them I can ignore and one I can not] and here are they:1.Like almost every HTC device, it has poor loudspeaker quality. It's very tiny and distorted at higher level[I can still ignore this b/c i am loving this device so much]2.WiFi connectivity issue. This is the one thing that I can not overlook at all. It has a nasty habit of dropping WiFi connection and then refusing to reconnect. I tried it @ home where it kept giving me the message 'network out of range'. I brought it to the office today and it is still dropping the WiFi connection. When it is getting hold of it, the signal strength it shows is 'poor' [Only 1 bar]I have searched the web and have found that Nexus One does have inherent WiFi connectivity issues. It was supposed that Gingerbread will resolve this issue however, my phone has 2.2 on it and System Updates is showing my phone as 'up to date'. So, I do not know when will I be able to get 2.3.3I did try to manually download and install it from google's official page but the installation failed with a Validation error.I have also tried some thrid party apps like WiFi Fixer etc but none of them have resolved the issue. I am keen to keep this phone but if I failed to find a solution for WiFi, I have to return it b/c I do not have data plan and WiFi is the only way I can get internet connection on this device.There is one more issue and is with battery cover which is very difficult to open but I do not count it as no one has to open back cover every day.If someone can live with above mentioned issues, then s/he will probably be more than happy with this phone.