I bought this phone for my wife for Christmas.  She had been envying my company-issued iPhone 3GS for several months, so I was resigned to buying her a personal one for Christmas, but the dilemma was, we would have to drop our account with Cincinnati Bell Wireless (CBW) and switch to AT&T.  I did not want to leave CBW because they are responsive, they are very competitive with their rates, and their are NO contracts!  So, I decided to look first for a Droid phone which could compete with iPhone4 and run on CBW's 3G network.  (CBW uses the 1700/2100 Bands for their 3G service, which is the same used by T-Mobile - so you have to make sure any unlocked phone has those bands).I would have bought a Droid phone directly from CBW, for a cheaper price and peace-of-mind warranty, but their top line model was the Motorola Milestone, running on Droid 2.1.  I tried the Motorola in Cincinnati Bell's store, and frankly it was unimpressive.  It seemed slow in response and frankly, the handset just felt like cheap plastic.  Making matters worse, it only has 150 MB of internal memory and CBW did not have a schedule to upgrade to Froyo (Droid 2.2) which would allow Apps on the SD memory card.  So those 90,000 Apps the Droid world likes to brag about would have been virtually useless on the Motorola.  The Salesman admitted he only had 7 Apps because he was running out of phone memory!Hence, I started looking at the Google Nexus One on Amazon.com.  It runs on CBW's 3G Network (and T-Mobile's for those on that network), has 500 MB of internal memory, and was promising to upgrade to Droid 2.2 Froyo soon.  The drawback: Unlocked versions of this phone are sold only through Amazon's partners who import them from Europe and offer NO Warranty and let's face it, this is an expensive phone!  What to do?  I took a chance and bought it.I had an initial panic when I put a CBW SIM card in for the first time because it was only getting 2G (No 3G or Edge).  However, I soon went directly to the Cincinnati Bell Website who gave the Access Point Network (APN)input values (unlike with some smart phones, the Nexus One did not automatically pick these settings up).  After I entered the APN, I immediately got a 3G signal - a great first test!  Ok, we are good to go and she gets it for Christmas!The result: This phone is fabulous and my wife has not put it down since I gave it to her.  As soon as she launched it with her SIM card, it immediately got 3G from Cincinnati Bell and then it informed her that it wanted to upgrade its operating system!  Voila, within 5 minutes it was running on Android Froyo 2.2.  That means many, many Apps can be moved from the phone to the SD Card, saving valuable memory on the phone.This phone has a fantastic screen and absolutely screams when launching Apps, the Browser, or any other task.  It blows my iPhone 3Gs away (sorry I cannot compare to iPhone 4 because I do not have one).So I recommend this phone to anyone on T-Mobile or Cincinnati Bell's 3G Network who want a viable alternative to iPhone.  Here's a summary of Pros and Cons:PROSComes with an immediate Upgrade to Android Froyo and the ability to put Apps on the SD Memory CardAccess to thousands of Apps on the Google NetworkLightning FastGorgeous DisplayRemovable Battery - you can buy an extra battery for backup for long days or trips.  You can not do that with iPhone!Extremely Durable with a Titanium CaseExcellent Camera WITH a flash.  iPhone 3Gs has no flashCONSThis phone is sold by Amazon Partners, not directly from Amazon.  They are imported and have no warranty and do not have the standard Amazon no questions asked return policy.  Recommendation: Peruse the list of sellers closely for return policy.  Make sure you pick one who gives you at LEAST 30 days to test drive the phone.  It might be worth it to pay a little more for the phone to get a good return policy in the event of a problem.You'll have to set it up yourself to make sure it operates properly on your network.  This is not really a problem but might be a challenge if you have not done this before. Cincinnati Bell Users can go to their web page for set-up instructions or simply call them up.  They'll SMS the settings to you or talk you through it on the phone.  Do not worry, it is easy.Droid Phones do not synch directly with Outlook Contacts (this is true of all Droid phones, not just the Nexus One).  However, their are third party Droid Apps which will solve this problem for you.  Look for a company called Companionlink.  They offer a free trial period, but you'll probably buy it within days once it is loaded all your Outlook contacts so easily.SUMMARYThis is a great phone, which I believe blows iPhone away.  The Cons I have listed are simply to make you aware, but none of them comes close to compromising the Pro's.  It's an outstanding phone I recommend highly.