I have been a Blackberry user for many, many years and since the iphone came out I had touch screen envy.  All those sexy apps!  I watched my friends pinching their browsers and swiping through contacts.  And with all that I lost sight of the main purpose for a mobile phone: to communicate.My main uses for a phone are: to make / receive call, text message, send/receive email and write notes.The Nexus is just fair at the first item, and is terrible at everything else.  If you are an old-time Blackberry user (with a physical keyboard), you will not like the Nexus.EMAILI really really tried to make this thing work for me.  I downloaded the only half-decent email client: K9, but it turned out to be open source, and in spite of many email exchanges with the authors of K9, they just did not get it: that they could win over a large swatch of Blackberry user by simply emulating the features of the BB client.  Consolidated email, text messages and missed calls.  Who wants to use numerous separate apps to initiate a message?  The standard Android email client is pathetic.  Do not even bother.  There are so many things you take for granted on your BB that is just missing from the various clients I have tried.  Try copying and pasting some text from K9 or these other clients.  Ca not be done.Polling on all the email clients seems to take up a ton of battery juice.  So I just set the polling frequency to 30 minutes on my main account and 12 hours on my little used accounts.  Polling versus push technology on the BB is just not the same.  I can go on about email deficiencies, but you get my point.TEXT MESSAGINGWith my BB I can send a text message in seconds.  With Nexus / Android it takes minutes.  Try to re-send a message. It works about 50 percent of the time.  I wanted to throw the thing out the window.  There is no simple  aresend' option, amazingly.  And of course these messages do not appear along with your emails.KEYBOARDIt's just not the same experience.  I can type about 3 times faster and more accurately on the BB.  I tried for about two months.  It's truly a pathetic experience.  On the BB I can just press the shift key and get a number.  On the virtual Nexus keyboard I have to press a virtual button to  get a whole other keyboard.  Ridiculous.  So if you are mixing text and numbers as I often do, you have slowed yourself down about 25%.CAMERAColor saturation and exposure is really bad on this device compared with my new BB (I just switched back).  Also, the camera lacks certain key features like exposure lock and exposure adjustment.Sounds like I am complaining a lot.  There's lots of cool features of Android and the Nexus.  But I tell you, when I switched back to Blackberry recently I breathed a sigh relief.