To start, I am a technology driven person that likes to have the newest and greatest tech when available, and to say that I am disappointed by this phone would be an understatement. To start this phone is RIDDLED with hardware and software problems that some days have me wanting my old iPhone back. But I digress...please read below to better understand this phone before you fall and do what I did...waste over $500 on a phone worth far less.1.) Display and Appearance (8/10)I will admit the display on this phone is amazing and it is a sexy phone. With it is 3.7' screen there is a nice amount of real estate with regards to the images and the phone. But, while it is nice to look at and spectacular for watching HD videos....the screen in the sun is not so nice. While I do not mind some glare or having to look a little harder in sunlight due to the obviousness of having the type of screen it has, it is down right impossible to see out in sunlight and as we approach summer I rarely want to pull my phone out of the pocket to use it. But I am not going to hold that (too much)against the phone, as it is a nice and strong screen that impresses with its lush colors.Performance (3/10)This is where the phone falls right on its face. Though the android market is starting to grow at an exponential rate it can only help it so much. There are numerous issues that I have with this phone thus I will just list them:1.) Having full bars and being told that a text could not be sent2.) Constant force close by applications...INCLUDING THE ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM3.) Dropped Calls4.) Not being able to hear people or vice versa unless I take the battery out and then put it back in (with full bars as well).5.) Phone randomly deciding to reboot itself with full battery.The list truly goes on, but these problems make me not want to use the phone some days. The only reason this gets a 3 instead of a 1 is because of the multitasking capabilities, Google navigation, and its ability to sync with Google. The one thing I have a very hard time understanding is that if this phone has a 1.0 GHz Snapdragon processor, why am I looking at a frozen screen for over 5-10 seconds sometimes when I press the home button? Speaking of the buttons. The pressure sensitive buttons are very hit or miss. They sometimes work and sometimes do not, sometimes they will just go off without even touching them, which gets old...quick.Battery (4/10)While I understand that most smart phone will need to be recharged almost every day due to the amount that we use them for (internet, apps, widgets, phone, texting, etc...) I am not surprised that the battery does not last long. What I am surprised about is that I will leave my house at 10 AM to head off to meetings and need to grab my charger at 7 PM because the battery is almost dead. While I understand 'OMG get an app killer program to get rid of the things in the background!' that only works so well. I have one installed and I clear all my apps almost every hour but the battery is still pretty terrible. I wish that the battery in here was worth it, but it is not.Sound Quality: (1/10 or 9/10)This phone is very touchy with regards to the sound quality. As I stated earlier there are numerous times when the other person can not hear me and I can not hear them. While at the same time, the dual mic system works amazingly well such that it allows for people to not hear any of my background noise and just me or not hear me at all and just the muffled background noises. It is very hard to say the sound quality on this because it is so hit or miss. And the sound quality of the speaker and audio; forget about it. It is muffled or very low and not worth it.Overall I give this phone a 5/10 but that is a 50% and makes this phone still a failing phone not worth the price of admission. Once the iPhone 4 launches I will be grabbing that as I can not stand this phone much longer.