Hmmm contrary to the stellar reviews here, mine maybe different and I hate to admit that the Nexus one isnt as good as I thought it was, not even near to that. I have a nokia e71, excellent phone PERIOD, had to give it to my girlfriend and I needed a new phone.I had to decide between the iphone and the nexus one, I hate apple cuz I have a 30gb classic video ipod and the experience I had with it was very bad. I just hate the way apple complicates things for users with the itunes and all. Iphone out of picture. Based on a weeks research ive decided to get the nexus one. Got it the next day  thanks to the overnight shipping from google. Coming to the nexus one, beautiful,awesome screen, easy UI, everything was just so great BUT BUT had to return the phone after 2 days. I cudnt even eat the whole day I sent the phone back, everything was so nice except for the damn wifi issues. It drove me mad and I went berserk searching on the net for fixes, downloaded the wifi fixer, tried a million things from the forums but nothing worked. The wifi connects only to open networks, it did connect to my wpa secured home network but the connection drops every 3-5 min and i had to reconnect that again. My friend's WEP secured network does not even connect. As a last resort I called google hoping they will be able to fix it, the representative asked me to return the phone cuz maybe I got a defective piece. The customer service was gr8, they offered the full amount I paid back, did not charge me the restocking fee(im glad). Even now I cant believe I had to send it back, such a gr8 phone except for the wifi issues. I hope its a defect only in my phone. Please do google NEXUS ONE WIFI issues before you buy the phone, just do not want you guys to be disappointed like me. If you do not care about the wifi, do not even think of any other phone, you wont find any, iphone is just a toy when compared to this. I even ordered a casemate for the nexus one, lost 30 bucks for that now that I do not have the nexus one anymore, anyway the case was ugly so no regrets, If you are looking for a nexus case go for the sedio innocase ii.