This is gonna be very fair and non-bias reviewI .I have fairly good understandings of gadgets and mobiles. I used N95 for 4 years and wanted to buy a new phone for a while. i really did not wanted to buy iPhone as everybody has it now a days. Knowing that till the end of 2009 there was no other considerable GOOD phone out there in the market except iPhone (you believe it or not), I was waiting for this phone for last couple of months.PROS::::-physical:the phone is fast and responsive.the build quality is good and unscrachable with the tefloan coating on the back. very well designed and good looking in the front. The battery life is fairly good and really long.CAmera is fastastic , it takes the photos very quickly after focusing on something and processes very fast.it is slimmer than iphone and has a bigger and brighter screen with double resolution. The screen is like a plasma HDTV.( where the black is a real black.)software:FANTASTIC mobile OS in all of them outside. iPhone is really very simple to use ( i say its for dumb people ). >Android 2.1 is most useful, most customizable amazingly organized and clean. the gallery is beautifully managed and has given the effects with the accelerometer. Gallery photos syncs with your picasa albums automatically and has greatest options to send the photoes via bluetooth, to picasa, to gmail, or facebook and other email.>Google has done a simless integration with their services and gmail account. Once you put your gmail account settings in your phone , your contacts, your calender and your apps and lot other things will be backed up to Google's private servers time by time. If you change your phone and get a new nexus one, entering your email address will restore your phone just like the older one within minutes including apps. WHICH IS FANTASTIC.>It has the greatest navigation system i have ever seen, with graphics and turn by turn navigation.>They have used two input methods a lot in the phone which are, camera and voice. voice recognition is far better than any other phone in the market. its precise. and also the camera picks up the stuff very fast for shopping or using google goggles.GPS signals also have a avery good strengh even inside the building.> The other thing is this is a stand alone phone you do not need any computer software to manage it, everything is done online , even the back ups.You can just open it as a flash drive and drag and drop the media in it.> even the software updates are done on the phone.VS. Iphone......iphone has more responsive screen and smooth graphics than the N1. iPhone's OS is a lot easier to use( as i said its for dummies). i will give iphone 9.5/10 where N1 will get 9/10 for external design.but after all using N1 for couple of days , now i do not like to use my brothers' iPhone 3gs, as looking at the screen of iphone i feel like ,I am using a lower level smartphone.period. I LOVE MY N1.Its the best phone out there right now.if you thinkin to buy it, just buy it. its the best.