I am coming to this phone as a long time iPhone user, getting a used 2G from a friend of mine before upgrading to a 3G when my contract was up.  Unfortunately, I upgraded and renewed my contract 3 months before Apple announced the 3GS, so I'll admit that I am a little chapped at Apple for not making that announcement sooner so I could have waited the 3 months for a better device.  I was getting tired of how slow and sluggish my iPhone was starting to feel, and when a work bonus came in I decided to splurge a bit and buy the best phone I could find, no matter the price.After looking at lots of web videos and reviews, I decided upon the Nexus One from Google.  All the reviews have been positive, and although everybody admits quirks they were nothing that I was not used to with my iPhone.  When I saw the first few videos of people doing their unboxings and playing around with the interface for the first time, I knew I was in love.  Also, I am on AT&T and still under contract, and they had just released a version of this phone that works on the AT&T 3G bands, so it was a no brainer at that point.  I got one unlocked from Google's website for 529.00 plus tax and noted how the free shipping method was FedEx overnight.  Props, Google, for offering to overnight my new super expensive phone to me at no extra charge.  Classy move, and almost necessary because as soon as I clicked 'submit' on the Google Checkout screen I was already going crazy waiting for it to arrive.After having it for over a week now, I can say that I definitely made the right choice.  I used the stock firmware for a while and really enjoyed how snappy everything was (especially coming off an iPhone 3G) but after a while I decided to 'root' it and see what power was laying dormant inside this thing.  Hello CyanogenMod.  CyanogenMod is like putting your phone on amphetamines.  In all reality, it is only a fraction of a second faster doing most things, but since it was so fast to begin with it feels like nothing else.Nothing on this phone takes more than half a second to do now.  Ever.  Okay, maybe loading Google Earth or Google Sky takes a second or four, but those are some pretty computation heavy apps and even they launch pretty quickly.  But with the way the phone multitasks and keeps processes running in the background, switching between running tasks is pretty much instantaneous and opening up new tasks takes about half a second.  With Cyanogen 5.0.5.3 running HiMem you unlock all the power of your RAM, and if you turn the Window Animations and Transition Animations to 'fast', you'll giggle to yourself as you navigate through your phone at lightning speed.  At least, I still do... :)The stock keyboard has some issues, but even without rooting it you can download the Swype beta, install it simply by checking a box in the settings (novel concept, huh Apple?) and downloading a free .apk installer.  I recommend FileGo from personal experience.  Swype is a great keyboard that takes a little getting used to, but once you do you can really fly on it.  After using the iPhone for so long I was used to using two thumbs to type on a touchscreen keyboard, but Swype actually works better if you hold the phone in one hand and use one finger on your dominant hand to trace your word out.  Look up videos on Swype if you want to see it in action.  It's really pretty amazing and it is the only touchscreen keyboard I'll ever use again, even if it is not perfect and throws out some pretty wild guesses at what I was trying to say.The camera is excellent and takes good quality photos for a phone.  Nothing that will make you regret purchasing a better standalone camera, but for people like me who only like to carry around a single device with them it is more than adequate.Battery life is actually pretty good.  I have been using it a lot lately and have been charging it up every night, but only because I do not want to start off the following day with only 25 or 30% charge.I live in an area with pretty strong AT&T coverage, and with the better Snapdragon processor on this phone it actually feels like my 3G speed is faster.  Using the SpeedTest app, my iPhone 3G would get around 1.5mbps pretty consistently.  This gets >3.2mpbs pretty consistently using the android version of the same app, going to the same test server.  The one thing I have noticed though is that my signal does not 'appear' to be as strong as my iPhone, but I have not noticed any problems.  Where my iPhone used to get full bars I will sometimes only get 2/4 or 3/4, but I have never dropped a single call on my Nexus nor have I noticed any degradation in signal quality.  Maybe this phone is just more picky about what it considers a 'great' signal.If you have the money, I have to recommend this phone.  If I had not gotten a bonus at work I would not have ever dreamed of spending this much money on a cell phone, but man am I glad I did.  I may not have the fastest car, the loudest stereo or the biggest TV, but I have the fastest and most amazing phone I have ever seen.  I am proud to show it off to people I know, and all of them look at their iPhones with a new sense of disappointment after they see the Nexus One in action.  If you are looking for a new Android device and you are on T-mobile, there is no contest and you need to get this phone immediately.  For 179.00 there is not a better device on the planet.Just do not buy it from any of the jokers trying to sell it here.  Why pay a markup and additional shipping when you can get it straight from Google for less money and get FREE overnight shipping?