I placed my order for an AT&T Nexus One the day it was announced. I was not sure what I was going to be getting into (being a very early adopter of the AT&T 3G version). Needless to say, I am blown away by the overall experience delivered by the N1.This phone pretty much lives up to the hype that surrounds it. It's really quite unfortunate that Google is not selling enough of these simply due to the pricing structure, because it is hands down one of the best Android phones out there now. To put this in perspective, I have tried both the Droid (Milestone), G1, and Droid Eris, and the N1 beats them all. The Droid is almost as good, but has some severe issues regarding the touchscreen accuracy and responsiveness. the G1 and Droid Eris are great phones too, but they do not even compare to the N1 when it comes to screen size and overall beefiness.I'll keep this part brief, but I have gone through an iPhone 3G and a Nokia N97. The iPhone was not really my thing because its very locked-down nature as mandated by Apple really annoyed me each day I owned it. After that, I switched to an N97 and eventually gave that up due to horrible software and UI.The best part is that the N1 runs Android, which is open source. No big corporation or cell carrier can tell me what I can and cannot do with it! (unlike the iPhone which I now despise). Big bossy telcos and corporations need to learn how to keep their noses out of how I use my internet and phone.Anyway, if you want to see some good reviews of this phone and get some info on its actual features, some of my fellow reviewers have done a great job on Amazon. Also, the Engadget and Gizmodo reviews are quite good.My personal take (things that stick out):PROS:1. The audio quality is pretty good. I carry around a 5G 30gb iPod and the N1 definitely sounds better through in-ear headphones.2. The dual-mic noise cancellation is impressive.3. The cloud syncing always works4. Web pages load really fast5. HSPA reception is fairly good (at least here in central NJ). Call drops are occasional but not ridiculousCONS:Everything works pretty damn well. The only quirks are the following:1. The AMOLED screen looks stunning, but is nearly impossible to use in bright sunlight.2. The vibration is a bit noisy.3. The keyboard is in serious need of revamping. The prediction is not the best and the keys are difficult to tap on correctly, especially in the vertical orientation. However, due to the open nature of Android, there are several apps out there that attempt to correct this. I did recommend checking out ThickButtons. The iPhone does exactly what ThickButtons does, but invisibly. The other alternative is Swype, which is not to shabby either once you get used to it.4. The battery life is terrible. There is no other way to put it. It will be absolutely necessary to charge it every night. Also, I did recommend sticking to WiFi over 3g whenever possible. To do this, you have to navigate into the depths of the settings by going to Wireless & Networks, WiFi Settings, hit the options key, go to Advanced, and change the WiFi sleep policy to never. Trust me, the 'Never' option actually saves more power than switching back and forth between 3G and WiFi especially when you have stuff constantly syncing with 'the cloud.'5. The touchsensitive buttons on the phone require really accurate presses. Apparently, HTC has fixed this in the new Sprint EVO 4G by providing a bigger bezel for the touchsensitive buttons. This issue is not really a big deal but it is just a tad annoying sometimes.One last thing: I did highly recommend rooting your phone. I did this the day I got it. While it is true that people say you can brick your phone by doing this, it is nearly impossible to really screw something up as long as you do not unplug your USB cable while you are flashing your ROM or something like that. By rooting, I can now tether my phone to my laptop (which is incredibly handy and awesome) and install the N1 torch app which turns your camera flash into a flashlight.That's all folks! Feel free to comment on my review!