I have to agree with the other reviewers who are rating this phone with five stars. I have been a software developer for over 30 years and have owned many cell phones; my last one was a Blackberry 8800. I also have lots of friends with iPhones and this phone beats them all. I agree the speaker has a tinny sound but I rarely use that. Everything else about this phone is just fantastic. IT's FAST running apps and with internet downloads. The other day while driving home in my car I had the phone plugged in to the AUX in on my car stereo listening to mp3's. I received a call and the music automatically stopped and I only heard the ringer. I answered the call, completed the conversation and when I hung up the music automatically started again right where it left off. The music app I was using is the free one that came installed on the phone.The one thing I do think the iPhone does better is the layout of the on-screen keyboard. The keys on the iPhone are spaced out a little further apart making them easier to hit and less chance of making a mistake. But the autospell feature on the Nexus One is much better than the iPhone. One of my iPhone friends misspelled Mississippi (spelled Missisipi) the exact same way on their iPhone and my Nexus One. The autospell feature on the iPhone could not make a guess but the Nexus One presented Mississippi as a choice. Also in order to change the battery on an iPhone you have to mail it back to Apple for a replacement but with the Nexus One you can change it yourself.The other point I LOVE about the Nexus One that I bought from Google for $529.00 plus shipping is that it is unlocked. All I did was install my SIM card and I am using my Nexus One on my old contract that is the $10.00 a month charge for an extra phone. I did not have to sign up for a 2 year contract and I do not have to shell out an extra $30.00 a month for a data plan which I think is outrageous. GO GOOGLE!I have been raving so much about my new phone that my wife is ready to buy one and she has just gotten a new LG View.If you are thinking about a smart phone, this is the one to buy.