Do not buy this phone , do not buy HTC. My phone did have a warranty but was not worth anythingI have had this phone purchased via Amazon for just under a year. At the time it was good value for money at around $250 with a one year warranty.What I likedAs soon as I had entered my gmail id. The phone was up and ready with all my contacts and emails. The Android experience was easy to set up and seamless.The camera and video is adequate.The battery is replaceable and the memory extendible - The Iphone cannot do this.What I do not like - all these issues are common on forums etc. These are design faultsBattery life is moderate to poor. Normally I get through the day on a charge but not always.Phone memory is to limited and if you have less than 20mb on the phone the whole system breaks down. You stop receiving emails and cannot install anything. There are solutions to move apps to the SD card.There is an annoyance with the screen it starts sending phantom inaccurate touches now and then. Especially if it hot your fingers are a bit sweaty. Each time this happens you have to reboot. It normally happens to me a couple of times a week, I can live with this.Now the big issueThe Power button is badly designed and after a while it starts becoming unresponsive and will eventually die. The are some unacceptable paRTIAL workarounds to this which involve rooting the phone. HTC response was appalling. I would have to send my phone to their repair centre in the US, since that is where I bought it through Amazon. I no longer live there. They could not send it back to me once repaired, and could only return it to a US address, I would have to be without a phone for possibly months, I would have to pay shipping to and from the US and find someone to forward it to me. They could not assist me in any way at all in working outside their policies. I suggested paying for a repair, sending me the spare part, anything - but they simply could not be bothered. I told them I would write a bad review on Amazon but it did not concern them at all.You are looking at decent phone, with some bad design faults from an appalling company. HTC will go the way of some other well known mobile phone manufacturers.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE