I purchased this phone last July 2011 and the power button is broken.  I followed the instruction and shipped back to HTC for repair.  HTC claimed Amazon is not authorize dealer and need to charge 60 dollars.  I called Amazon and they said it should be manufacturer warranty (HTC), but since Amazon is not authorize dealer and HTC denied the claim.FOR YOUR REFERENCE, ALL THE INFORMATION BELOW means NOTHING since Amazon is not authorize dealer (HTC repair department told me).  Very disappointed.  And the phone is sold directly from Aamzon.com LLC directly!Nexus One Warranty Information  Returns and warranty: Warranty  How long does the warranty cover the phone?  Your warranty coverage depends on where you live:  European Union: the warranty coverage extends twenty-four (24) months from the date of original purchase.  All other locations (including the United States): the warranty coverage extends twelve (12) months from the date of original purchase  What kind of things are NOT covered by the warranty?  The warranty does not cover physical damage to the surface of your Nexus One, including but not limited to cracks or scratches on the screen or camera lens. The warranty also does not provide coverage for issues related to third-party applications you have installed. What kind of things can void the warranty coverage?  Here are a few examples of actions that void the warranty coverage:  rough handling of the device  exposure of the device to extreme conditions  tampering with the device, including removal or defacing of the serial number, IMEI number, or water indicator  unauthorized opening or repair of the device  tampering with or short-circuiting the battery  unlocking the bootloader using the fastboot program  For a complete list, refer to the warranty card included with your Nexus One and also available below. How does the warranty process work?  HTC offers two options for the warranty process:  Device swap: The device swap is the quickest way to get a working phone again. A new device will be sent to you, together with a box for returning the defective device. You should remove the SIM card, the battery, and the microSD card from the defective phone, insert them into the new device, and return the defective phone in the box provided.  If you have engraved your phone with a personal message, the device that you receive will not include the engraving, and the engraving on the defective device will not be sent back to you. If you want to keep your engraving, you can opt for the express repair option.  Express repair: With this option, you send the defective device to the HTC service center. HTC will perform the repair and send you back your device, including the original engraving.  How can I initiate a warranty repair?  The first step is to request a ticket number by calling HTC, the number for which can be found in the Service & Repair section of the HTC website. An HTC representative will guide you through the process and either (a) arrange for the delivery of the swap device or (b) send you shipping instructions to an email address you provide (if you prefer the express repair model).  What happens if I send my device for warranty repair, and it turns out the defect is not covered by the warranty?  If the HTC service center detects that the device is not covered by the warranty, an HTC representative will contact you to determine what to do next. You can choose to pay for the repairs (the HTC representative will provide you a quote), or you can opt to have HTC send you back the device, in which case your credit card will be charged the round-trip shipping fees, as well as an examination fee of $28.