THE PROBLEM:The phone started having problems just two months after i received it. It just became unusually warm (i would'nt really call it HOT!) near the processor even when i tried browsing or watching a youtube video. After some googling i found that was kinda normal with smart phones. In the beginning it was just getting warm, a few days later, it began restarting when that happened. It would get bricked in the start-up screen with the nexus logo. I had to remove the battery and let it cool down to get it to start working again. In the beginning this happened hardly, but the frequency just started going up. Last month it started happening EVERY SINGLE TIME i try to use the phone with the screen turned on (there seemed to be no problem when i used to talk on the phone, as the screen is turned off when i keep in near my ear,  or listen to music with the screen turned off), i couldnt even type out a message..I hit google again and looked for solutions to the problem, but i could find nothing. I even reset to factory setting as the htc customer support guy said and still nothing. The problem was apparently the motherboard.THIS MIGHT JUST BE A MANUFACTURING DEFECT! I believe it cant be either google or amazon's fault. If at all you spot the problem early on, even when it isnt frequent or as bad, do not just tell yourself that you can live with that and go on for longer like i did. Return it immediately!THE PHONEHowever the phone itself was amazing as long as i could use it. The camera is absolutely stunning, the resolution may be a little low but the quality is just amazing, even in low light conditions. The screen even though not the best on the market today is still THE best screen you will get for this price, but i would recommend a screen guard, its not as scratch resistant as they say it is. Its fast enough for me since i do not make movies like Avatar and Transformers on it or play Crisis on my phone Lol (unlike the quad core phone owners, apparently :p). The track ball is redundant but its fun to play with. The phone seems solid and heavy and not like its made out of cheap plastic or anything. I remember the first time i looked and it and saw this awesome shine on it (both the metal and the plastic part), and i thought that it probably wont last, but even after over 3 months, it hasnt lost that lustre. I know its fast to say that but still that shine was something i really liked, something no other phone ive seen ever had. Well the battery part is decent, not too good not too bad maybe around 5-6 hours if you talk continuously and it can stay on for a whole day if you do not use it much. It's wifi was pretty bad though, i think its range was too less but im not really sure, just look it up before buying it, if that is important to you. The speaker was much louder than i expected and those headphones are just awesome. I think ive covered eveything... Overall its a great phone even without considering its cost. If this is your budget then do not look at anything else, cuz they are all a disappointment (except for the HTC wildfire, but it has a screen with lower res. so...meh! :p) Just PRAY that your piece is not defective.