I bought this phone brand new from CellularNet and the transaction was very smooth and insanely fast !!!As far as the phone goes, I realize it is 2 year old technology, but I was not going to commit to 2 year contract and I also was not going to pay 600$ for a miniature monitor. I like the phone to be rather portable and compact, I do not really care for large bricks. There is large screen in the theater for watching movies if you want to go big.I use it with T-mobile pay as you go plan, works wonderfully.Colors and sharpness of the image is quite outstanding, I mostly use minimum brightness setting unless being outside where I do AUTO brightness.Battery would get me through the 10-12hr day easily with Wi-Fi on almost for the entire day and synchronization enabled. However, after rooting the phone, installing CPU tuner and underclocking the 'screen off' mode I can do ~100 texts, email synchronizations enabled ~30 emails, Wi-Fi ON for the entire day, ~ 40-60 min calling time and still be around 50-60% of battery life in the evening, which I think is pretty good. It takes about 2hrs to charge it on AC power from low 30's to full charge.Rooting this phone is also recommended as it is the only way to remove bloatware such as twitter, facebook, amazon MP3, Ebooks ...Trackball feature seemed rather dumb idea along the touchscreen, but it turns out it is very useful for clicking the correct tab/link when you are browsing and you do not want to zoom into the page just to be able to log in for example. It is also very clever for times when silent mode is enabled. If you miss the vibe (I have it completely disabled) at the time of the message, the trackball LED flashes will let you know you there is distraction/salvation for you to get you through that boring meeting... just do not burst out laughing upon reading funny SMS.-Touchscreen is acting up after I return from cold outdoors, but this could actually be due to dry environment and different capacitance on my hands? But it is annoying because typing is impossible at that time for about 5 min.-N1 has rather low internal storage, but I move most of downloaded Apps to SD card so it is not too bad.-Front face camera would be very nice, especially for skype video calls.-Google Voice App hangs up or refuses to send SMS, but I am not sure if this is to be blamed on app developers or the phone manufacturer.This phone feels nice in hands and can be easily operated by one hand even if you are wearing gloves size S. Despite its age it still does not give an impression of being slow, it is very responsive. Screen is superb. Battery, after rooting and changing settings, has very decent run time and it recharges quickly.Overall I am quite happy with this phone.