I bought My Nexus One Phone from Amazon back on June 19th 2011 from BLUETEKUSA listed as the seller.  After a month or so I have experienced nothing but problems, at first the phone worked great, loved it.  Then at first the camera started getting the  ared glow', then it started force closing, then it became un-operational (which meant ANY app etc., light etc that used the phone was also killed.)  Then the phone began getting a black screen of close down after making or receiving any call.  The touch screen goes blank and only ripping out the battery, putting it back and then restarting the phone works to get the screen back and phone operational.  Now as of late the phone has been randomly shutting off on its own, sometimes refusing to turn back on until plugged in (even with fully charged), sometimes refuses to charge correctly the yellow light never comes on anymore and only can check the charging battery icon to see if it is working.  Now the phone refuses to connect to Data only 3G and Full bars in Grey. Wireless will connect but not Tmobile data service.  Tmobile says its the Phones problem not theirs.After the first few problems, rebooted the phone, then when same problems continued contacted HTC on their website,  HTC no  longer even lists this phone as one of theirs.  After much web serching learned HTC is fully aware of these problems with the Nexus One, many others experience the same problems exactly but HTC now seems to refuse servicing or to stand behind them.THE WARRANTY ON THE AMAZON PAGE CLEARLY STATED :  in the description 'US Warranty' Condition NEWAfter sending the serial number of the phone and a copy of the AMAZON purchase sheet : HTC directed me to yet another department and after several emails, sends me back a website to go to for warranty coverage.  It was entirely in FRENCH!  Emailed them again telling them I speak English, I live in the US and they responded with 'Oh yes even though the purchase page from AMAZON stated US warranty that is not true, there is NO US Warranty coverage,  the country of origin for your phone is Canada so they are the only ones who can deal with it'!!!  B.S. I say.  I got duped and my phone is on its last legs,  Be warned you might be buying a soon to be brick with no real warranty.