I got an unlocked phone directly from Google, and think this phone is just plain awesome.Display is incredible, offering very crisp graphics and renders photos with lots of detail.  The camera is very good, but only with sufficient ambient light.  The flash helps at time, but in limited scenarios.  Battery life is enough to last a day (I keep Bluetooth off) - although if you use the GPS the battery will drain quickly.  But one of the best things I like about it is that it is a good phone too - the microphone on the back of the phone works to cancel the background noise, and this helps a lot.Key apps that I use?Google Maps, Google Voice, Handcent (instead of default messaging app), Dolphin Browser (instead of default browser), Kindle, Newsrob, Evernote, Astrid Tasks, Gmail, TripIt, Mint, Discover, Scottrade, and Chess.  I do have others, but I use these very frequently.  I have yet to be disappointed when searching for an app, so the fact that there are more apps on other stores is of no consequence to me.  I am glad Amazon started offering apps too!Why choose this over an iPhone?I often get asked why I chose this over an iPhone.  My two main reasons are that 1) I use more Google services than I do Apple services (though I adore my MacBook Air), and the Google services are better integrated into the Android platform, and 2) this is just a better phone than the iPhone in terms of call quality.What would I improve on the Nexus One?It has a useless trackball that I only use when the keyboard often gets into a weird state (I notice that this usually happens after a long period of no restart, and when the AC charger is plugged in).  It does provide a nice notification light, that indicates which app is sending a notification, but that can be provided in something better than a trackball.I would also improve the speakerphone - it is pretty weak.  Both Youtube and Google Voice suffer because of the poor speakerphone quality.Overall, love the phone and do not expect to upgrade anytime soon.  The only reason I may be forced to do so is because I have a lot of apps and they tend to take up space that I cannot easily move to the SD card.  You will enjoy this phone!