First about me (so you know where I am coming from and why my views are the way they are): I am a senior at UC Berkeley and have been playing/building/using computers and anything techy since I was a kid. My last phone was the G1 and before that I used Sony Ericsson's phones. I think, this smartphone is lot better than sony. Now, I do not have a data plan, so I only ever buy phones unlocked. I know lots of people will think I am dumb for doing this but my logic works like this. I spend 40% of my time on campus, another 40% of my time at home, and the last 20% out at restaurants, etc. This means that 80% of my time is spent in an area with wifi access, and thus I 'have' data 80% of the time. This is NOT a bad deal at all; I have no internet only about 20% of the time and yet save $2000?some dollars every two years.Also: IMPORTANT. This phone comes unlocked (yes!) with Froyo, aka Android 2.2. The phone will tell you it is up to date and refuse to update to Gingerbread 2.3. I'll explain how to get it to 2.3 at the end.General:With that in mind, this phone has worked great for that purpose. My last G1 was fantastic for texting because it had a great keyboard. But being the first Android phone, it lagged in applications, UI, etc. The N1 (Nexus One) does not have any of those problems. Applications load quickly, and there's no noticeable lag moving in between menus. Upon turning this phone on, one of the first things I did was to immediately get all my apps back. I downloaded around 20 apps, all of which downloaded quickly (via wifi, as I have explained earlier). I had zero glitches with apps not installing, whereas with my G1 I would often have to reinstall updates and apps to get them to work.In the looks category, this is a beautiful phone. I was a bit worried because the description said the phone is brown colored, but to be honest it is probably more gray than brown. Perhaps the best part is that the phone is metal. Not metallic, not plastic, not plastic painted in a metallic color, but actual honest-to-goodness metal. This gives the phone a feeling of durability and quality.Screen/buttons:The screen is beautiful, really. I know there are better ones out there now, what with qHD and all, but let's remember that this is an 'old' phone. (Old meaning 1.5 years.) You are getting it for $250, unlocked, whereas one of those newer phones unlocked today could be anywhere from $500+ (IPhone 4 is $550+ as I write this review). The AMOLED screen looks great and touch function is great as well. Also, there's a trackball. I know lots of people do not love it so much, but I actually used the trackball on my old G1 all the time, so I am perfectly happy with a trackball again. From my personal experience, the trackball is most useful when you are texting and make a typo. Using your finger to move the pointer in between letters to correct typos is pretty difficult. The Gingerbread update addresses this issue somewhat, but I find that the best way to navigate between letters is to just use the trackball. (Plus, the trackball lights up in colors. How awesome is that?)Some caveats: no, the screen will not look beautiful out in direct sunlight. On the other hand, I have never found a device that can offer a beautiful screen with anti-glare properties that's cheap as well. You have got to sacrifice something, right? If this is really an issue, there are anti-glare/reflective screen protectors you can buy online if you really do use the phone outside often.Finally, the four touch buttons along the bottom of the screen are a bit finicky. Physical buttons would have been more useful, but not as good looking. After a bit of experience, I have found that the buttons react to different touches better, and in specific areas. Play around to find what works for you. At first I found myself often double-pressing to get the buttons to activate, but I have it down now to about working 90% of the time.Battery Life and other stuff:No this thing can not last you a week's worth of Angry Birds in one charge. Realistically, it is around 1 to 1.5 days, up to 2 if all you do is minimal texting. Not likely in today's world, but I have never had a problem with sticking the phone into the charger once every night. If you charge it every night you can expect the phone to last you through the next day, so you'll be fine. (:One thing worth noting: the phone gets hot while charging, both via AC and USB. There were not any issues with heat from just using it, but this might be something to take note of.Gingerbread update!!!!:This was surprisingly easy to do. It should take you no more than 10 minutes if you know what you are doing. Essentially, the phone has been fooled into thinking it is updated 100% due to carrier restrictions, blablabla. What you need to do is reset the phone to an earlier version, at which point Google will notice something is wrong, and its automatic update service  (OTA, aka over the air) will kick in. This works because as a Google dev phone, all Nexus Ones by Google's own policy should have the latest version (:For a really detailed explanation, just google Goodbye Vodafone UK Nexus One ROM.This thing is way too long and detailed and I DID NOT have to go through all the steps. I'll summarize the applicable steps here in case you are a little confused.1. Download 'Passion_Google_WWE_2.16.1700.1_FRG33_MFG_Shipment_ROM.zip.' Extract it and then rename it as passimg.2. Transfer the passimg file into the root of your SD card. Root means the main SD card folder, not inside any of the subfolders.3.Now, to downgrade your phone. First, turn the phone off. Do not forget to turn off the USB file transfer and to safely remove hardware before doing so.4. Hold the volume down key, then turn on the phone. Hold the volume down key the whole time, and even AFTER you let go of the power button. When you see a white screen with some gibberish and multi-colored funky font text, you can let go of the volume button.5. Use the volume down key to scroll down to recovery and hit the power button to select it. At this point the phone should search through your SD card automatically for the passimg file and then downgrade your 2.2 to an older version.6. At this point, you are literally good to go. Within ten minutes or so of me downgrading my Froyo to this older patch, I got a notification that a system update was available. I hit okay, and the phone quickly updated itself to the latest Gingerbread 2.3.4. (:7. If you do not get the OTA update within 30 minutes of steps 1-6, you might want to try to continue manually patching with the instructions or wait for the OTA update. Your call, since I got my system update really quickly.Final notes: Very very happy with the phone. (: Oh, and make sure you have a gmail account, because it will make set up A LOT easier.