Great price point (&lt;$300) for an off-contract smartphone.  I use the N1 on T-mobile and have excellent 3g speed.  The phone has worked flawlessly for over a month with no noticeable 'lag' that sometimes comes with older Android devices.  The N1 was the first 'stock' Google phone, and is still the first phone (along with the Nexus S) to receive the latest version of Android.  This is really the best deal out there in my opinion, but there are a few things you should be aware of before buying.I would NOT necessarily recommend purchasing this phone if you are not very tech-savvy or have little experience with Android/smartphones. The 'unlocked' version I received through the Amazon marketplace seller (not Amazon itself) was actually a Vodaphone Froyo build (Android 2.2) that required some tinkering to get the phone updated to Gingerbread (Android 2.3.4).  The phone could not be upgraded in its current state, and I had to downgrade the OS to a stock ROM before manually applying several sequential OS updates (that are becoming harder and harder to locate).  After installing a couple of the updates, however, I was immediately 'pushed' (via OTA update) the remaining updates from Google/T-mobile.  I found a couple decent walk-throughs on the process after a quick Google search.BE SURE to know your phone, know your version, and know what you are doing before attempting to try ANYTHING suggested on any of these webpages.  I am not responsible if your phone becomes a very expensive paper-weight.  DO YOUR RESEARCH before attempting to change anything with your smartphone.Other drawbacks. Battery life is pretty bad (mostly due to powering the display) - be prepared to charge your phone nightly with normal use or buy an additional battery or portable charger-Internal memory is only ~190MB, which you will fill up fast with Apps, however, there are several tricks that can help mitigate this problem (all of which require a decent size SD card, 8GB+ recommended).  You can use the ADB (Android Debug Bridge), part of the Android SDK to run a single command to allow more apps to be directly installed to your SD card.  There are also Apps that claim to let you do the same thing, though I have never tried any of them (like Apps2SD).  Also, alternative ROM's (Cyanogen, etc.) allow you to better manage your internal memory and apps.I still rate the Nexus One 5/5 stars because, after some fine-tuning, the phone is STILL one of the best smartphones available.  The stock Google build allows you to create your own wireless network to which other devices can connect, allows for tethering to a computer without an additional service plan, and will always get the latest version of Android.  Ca not beat the value for the money if you are still under contract.  If you have the cash, have a day to spend tinkering with the phone, and are confident you can handle the updating process. I think it is worse than Motorola, nokia or HTC. stop reading these reviews and pull the trigger already - YOU WON'T REGRET IT!