The Nexus One (NX1) is an AMAZING piece of hardware! Great build quality, responsive capacitive screen, perfect size, great camera, and it is as fast as you can expect a non-4G, non-dual core phone to be. Perfect right?Almost.Unfortunately, the phone comes packaged with Android 2.2, not the latest version of the OS.  You would expect that since this is the original 'Google Phone' that it would be easy to upgrade to the latest version.  You would be wrong.  Apparently, the kernel version on this device prevents it from doing an over the air (OTA) upgrade (ever!) and HTC claimed that the only way to update it, would be to send it in for repairs!  While the phone is fully functional with 2.2, part of the draw off the NX1 and its Android OS is the ability to quickly receive updates directly from Google.To make a long story short, I spent all day trolling the inter-webs, calling HTC (and being told that updating software on my own would void the warranty), and calling Amazon (who offered a refund, but had no information on whether all devices had the same Kernel code). The only thing that worked was following the steps that EC provided in his review.  It seems that the only way to get the device up-to-date, is to roll it back to a stock version of Android, and then allow the OTA to kick in.  Search ''goodbye vodafone uk nexus one rom' and follow steps 1-5, then wait for the OTA.OVERALL:Android Superphone at feature phone price? YEP! Is there a catch? Unfortunately...Should you buy it? *Absolutely!!!*unless you do not want to stick with Android 2.2, and are not willing/able to use workarounds to get future updates.UPDATE: After 1 month of owner ship, I still love my phone EXCEPT the touch screen is inacurate and glitch-prone. Previous reviews have indicated that the capacitive buttons above the track ball are finicky and do not register touches accurately. True. Also, my phone screen freaks out after some use and at least five times a day the phone misregisters touches, ie: touch the status bar, and it thinks you pressed an App below it, press an app, and it thinks you pressed the home key.  This is a very, very annoying problem that only seems to clear up when i lock the screen for a few seconds, and then unlock it.