I am very pleased with this TV so far. However, I have had it up and running for only a little over a day, and I should caveat my comments by pointing out that I have not yet had a chance to give it a full and fair trial on its HD capabilities because I have not made the appropriate arrangements with my cable company (Charter) yet.Assembly was fairly quick, and the instructions were adequate. All the parts were present and easy to locate within the box and the plastic wrappings inside the box. It took me about an hour to get the TV out of the box, assembled on the stand, connected to power and cable, and set up via the auto program feature for locating channels. It immediately picked up several digital channels that I had not been getting on my old gas-powered (LOL) analog Sony Trinitron set.On initial setup with the existing cable service that I have, I am only getting a few channels in HD, but I will be able to get many more when I get a cable box. The picture is simply stunning on the HD channels that I have so far, and it is amazing on many of the channels that display in SD as well. Even the worst  channel looks much better than it did on my old TV.I have been able to play HD video from my laptop via HDMI, and the results were stunning as well. I do not have a functional DVD or Blu-Ray player at this time, but the DVD I tested from my laptop displayed on the TV at 1080p and looked great.Based on what I had read in other reviews and promotional material, I was not expecting to be able to make the Netflix and other Internet applications work via my 1.5Mbps DSL (that rarely tops 1.3Mbps in reality) connection, but I had no trouble getting the TV to connect to my wireless router and then to Netflix. (Another upgrade I am planning is to switch to cable Internet, but it is nice to be able to use the Internet functions in the meantime. Netflix will not stream in HD at this DSL speed, but upgrading to cable will take care of that. The picture quality even in SD is surprisingly good, though.The sound could be better, but I knew from other reviews that that was probably the 'weakest link' on this TV. I am planning a stereo system upgrade in the near future anyway, so I'll probably combine that with a home theater sound system.There are many more features that I have not had a chance to check out yet, so this review will probably bear updating later.[24 hours later...update]Colors are stunningly vivid on the channels I am getting in HD! Still have not gotten the box from Charter Cable to get more HD channels, but WOW!