This review is primarily written for people looking for something rather specific, and I had not seen any already from this perspective.I watch a fair amount of anime, as well as live-action western television (think Community, The Daily Show). I also enjoy PS3 games. With this backdrop, I was looking for a television that would display both well in a reasonably small living room.There are a lot of settings on this tv, and with them all set correctly it is an amazing experience. I will go through these settings for each media, since a few small changes will eliminate a large number of complaints.Live action television often gets knocked for looking fake on these high-refresh televisions (Soap Opera effect gets thrown around a lot). Fortunately, toggling the Cinemotion option in the picture settings to 'Type 2' solves this problem. The television continues to smooth panning (which makes live action look better, all agree), but it stops attempting to interlace frames to mimic a higher source framerate ('Type 1, which is invariably worse looking for most people). You can also just turn it off entirely, but Type 2 does seem to result in a completely better picture.For Anime, which is 'fake' in the first place (no actors or set pieces), the Cinemotion feature really shines. Turn it back to Type 1 for this kind of media, and you will sorely miss it when using any other device to watch your shows. The black levels on this television also shine here (especially if you turn on the black correction in the picture options), something I have not seen in any other LED-lit televisions.For video games, I did turn Cinemotion off entirely, but it is really up to you; with it off, it looks no different than it would on a regular 60hz television, so it is at least that good.Overall, it takes some tweaking (every television does), and this one seems to have all the bells and whistles for actually letting you do that customization. Never once did I come across an issue or setting that I could not change in the menu, which is also a first for me with televisions.As I have no need for them, I have not covered internet connectivity, the wifi dongle, or the quality of the picture when watching sporting events or news broadcasts. For my purposes as highlighted above, this television is a five-star success with no pitfalls as far as I can tell. I hope this review has been helpful if your television needs mirror mine at all.Brief edit: I have no opinion on the speakers, either. I have the television hooked up to an existing stereo system; if you are going to spend this much money on a TV, you might as well hook it up to some real audio hardware.