First of all I wish to say how fast this item was received by me at my house. Perfect! But I will admit to waiting a day to plug into outlet. I did not want to take a chance on moisture build up from shipping, as I do not know how warm the warehouses and trucks transporting it were. Winter up north you see. Secondly, the tv was easy to remove by myself from the box, place on table, and viola! all set up, just plugged into electrical outlet, turned on, waited for the Sony to load, channels to load automatically,  and Houston, we have launch! As of yet, I have not explored all parts and applications. I find the sound fine, some stations and shows, movies, need an extra pressing of volume, but thats normal, I think. I have explored a little of the SEN apps, watched a little Dexter and 2 movies on Crackle. This is my first LED tv, and at this point, my cable is the old fashioned normal view. Right now I am trying to see if I can get Skype, which I thought was already installed on the tv, but was informed by Sony that it was not. No problem, will research and see if I can set up, if not, have it available on my computer.I have been busy, what with the holidays and visitors and all, but I figured once the dead time of winter progresses in January, etc, I will explore all the possibilities that I can find! I will say that prior to this major purchase by me, that I took a month or more of researching online for what was available, what was the pros to look for, checked my computer for internet download speed to see if I would meet specs, researched a wifi adapter, either included, added on, or needed to purchase, and I needed a new remote with wireless waves, so needed to research and buy one ahead of time, also read hundreds of customer reviews, and reviews on consumer reports online before I made my decision as to which tv I was going to purchase, which retailer had the best price, and which the best credit available, before happily settling for Amazon, a new credit line, and either 18 or 24 months free financing, forgot which.(The only drag was that I did not have a line of credit large enough for the tv and router. No problem, reresearched different brand and bought elsewhere.) This was the best deal for me, and hopefully for you as well!