I have had this TV for a few months now and am very pleased with it.  Let my preface this by saying that I used to sell TVs for a living and I am pretty particular about picture quality.  (I am particular about sound quality as well, and do not believe that any of the speakers that are built into TVs nowadays are worth a darn.  I have all the TVs in my house hooked into separate audio systems, so you will not see me addressing the sound quality of this unit.)  Many TVs out of the box have exaggerated colors and contrast, so that they will 'pop' in the bright conditions of the store showroom.  When you start up this TV for the first time, the on-screen display asks if this is being setup for store display or home use.  When you select the home use option, the picture that one gets out-of-the-box is really quite impressive.  I fooled around with the settings a little bit, but did not find that I had to do much in order to have a picture that I am very pleased with.The USB network adapter is easy to setup and configure.  The internet apps are OK, but nothing that is going to take the place of my iPhone.  On the other hand, I have streamed several movies from Amazon (both paid video-on-demand, and free movies from my Amazon Prime account) and have found the video quality to be very close to that of Blu-ray.When viewing a black (or very dark scene) one can notice a slight bit of light leakage along the corners (particularly the bottom corners) of the screen.  This is something that is inherent to varying degrees with all LED edge-lit televisions, but it is not often visible with this TV and unless one is looking for it, I doubt that many people would find it to be distracting.  I am not a big fan of the remote that comes with this TV, but a generally use a nicer universal remote, so I do not find this to much of an issue either.This TV is a decent value at the $1200 or so that it was going for a few months back, and at the current prices it is a much better value.One more thing I wish to add to the review.  The Clear Resolution Enhancer picture engine, while not one of Sony's more advanced, still does an admirable job on standard definition material.  I rarely watch standard def sources, but my wife does, and I was surprised at how much the SD picture quality was on this set was improved versus the older Sony that it replaced.  I am more likely to watch SD sources now that I find the picture quality to be acceptable.