I will not be installing this TV until tomorrow, so I'll update this review at that time, however I anticipate it will be like all of the Sony products I have purchased in the past, which will likely be superb.  More on that later.Now for the order process and fulfillment:I ordered this TV on Tuesday afternoon and delivery was promised today by 8:00PM.  As of last night, the package was still in either Texas or somewhere in the southwest at the fulfillment center.  I figured there was no way it would get here today.  I checked this morning, and it was already on a truck for local delivery.  Five minutes later, the doorbell rang, the package was on my front porch and the FedEx driver was walking back to his truck.  No signature was required.  That really surprised me.  In any case the package arrived earlier than I could have reasonably anticipated, and there was no shipping charge either.  I order many things from Amazon, so Amazon Prime really pays off.I was also able to change the Comcast appointment from Monday to tomorrow.  I had originally scheduled for Monday because I did not believe the delivery promise of today.I also elected to purchase the four year extended warranty for $99.xx.  I usually do not do this because I have rarely had any issues, but there is always the possibility, and the price of the warranty was very reasonable. In fact, the 'in home service' provision really sealed the deal.Yes!  I am very happy. I'll let you know what transpires after it is up and running tomorrow.*****Update 2013-0502Well, the TV functions like every other Sony TV I have had -- flawlessly.  The cable guy said I could get much better performance using an HDMI cable instead of the 'spaghetti.'  I might consider that for the future, but I can not imagine the picture or the audio being any better than it is.I have discovered one annoyance though.  Since this is an Internet TV, meaning I can network it if I choose to do so (which I have not - yet,) there is a delay in booting up each time the device is powered up. It's not a delay like booting up a PC, but probably about 15-20 seconds --- certainly perceptible.  There are also some status messages that appear during this process, but they disappear when it is complete.  I called Sony Tech Support to see if there was any way to eliminate those messages, and the answer was 'No.'  I was able to adjust the font size of the messages so they only obscured a minuscule portion of the screen.Bottom line:  I would buy it again.