I bought this TV to replace an aging Mitsubishi RPTV with issues.  First I bought a Samsung, but that was defective, so I opted to spend a bit more for the Sony, and I am so glad I did!Right away, the superior picture of the Sony is evident.  The colors are incredibly sharp and the contrast is perfect.  Connection was a breeze, with just one HDMI to the Sony 7.1 receiver I added below.  This TV has Bravia Sync, which means it can control the receiver and Blu Ray player (both Sony) through the HDMI connection.  Setting this up was simple too, since everything is Sony, but it can control other brand receivers too, you just have to set it up manually.  One last step was to plug in the USB dongle for WiFi, and get it on the network.  It has an auto-setup using the push button method, and it took care of itself.The first thing I did was fire up a hockey game.  Hockey is why I have TV in the first place, and this had to handle that job.  The 120 Mhz processor was more than up to the task.  The only motion jitter I ever see is occasionally when the puck is passed, and even then I have to be looking for it.  Everything else is completely smooth.After that, I started checking into the settings.  I found the standard (not vivid) setting with the auto picture worked best for me.  The audio is substandard from the speakers, but since Bravia Sync handles the audio through the surround sound system, I never hear the audio from the speakers.I was not looking for a Smart TV, so that was a bit of a bonus here.  Netflix has its own button on the remote, so that's a plus.  It also has a basic Internet browser, as well as several Yahoo widgets.  You can access Hulu Plus and a few other services, but it does lack some pretty standard services like Pandora and Slacker.  Fortunately, all of these are on my BluRay player, so I just use them there. UPDATE - I found all of them, Pandora, Slacker, etc.  They are hidden under the 'Internet Video' section of the menu.  Everything is there, just a little more buried than I expected.If you are looking for a fairly large, but very thin TV with the best picture out there, this is your new TV!