I have always been a Sony fan, so when I needed a new TV, I decided to go with them. However, one thing I noticed was the price was a little steeper than comparable sets.  That did not put me off.  I bought it anyway.The Good: It had a great picture, and slightly less glare than most other TVs.  It seems like everybody's putting glossy screens on their TVs these days.  If that's a big issue for you, that's something to consider.  Do not get me wrong, this TV is better than a lot of newer sets, but compared to my old LCD set, it is still very shiny.  I also loved the integration with my PS3.  If you turn on the PS3, it will automatically switch over to that input.  When you are done, it changes back to the TV tuner.  Also, the TV remote can control the PS3.  Everything works seemlessly.The Bad: Where to begin? I could not get Netflix to work on this set.  I could sign in, but if I tried to watch a movie, it would start to load and then switch back to the TV tuner.  I spent an hour on the phone with Sony support. They were not able to resolve it then, but they were willing to escalate the issue.  I just did not really want to spend the time on it.  I am sure they'll fix this with some future firmware update, but for a 'smart' TV, this is not something that should be an issue.  That takes me to my next issue -- the 'smart' part.  The internet abilities on this TV are terrible.  Everything is so slow.  I had it direct wired, so no wireless issues.  It uses the same connection as my PS3, and that works great.  Even if it was not slow, the Yahoo apps seemed worthless.  Do you really need a weather app?  If I want to check the forecast quickly, it is much easier to use the computer or my tablet.  It's hard to check these out in-store because they do not usually have them connected to the internet.  I did not find these apps useful at all.  Also, the internet browser has the Sony site set as it is home page.  I could not find anyway to change it.  Very annoying.Ok, and the final straw came when watching movies.  I am not sure how to describe it, but things just looked 'off'.  I read a review for another Sony TV that called it the 'Soap Opera Effect', and that seems pretty accurate.  The colors and lighting make the movies look like a soap opera.  And in some scenes, the movement looks weird - too fast.  If you Google the term, you'll find more infomation on it.  You may be able to change the picture settings to overcome this.  For me, I spent $1200 on this TV, and it was not a $1200 TV.  I sent it back, and I am searching for a replacement.