ProsExcellent display. Thin, lightweight, elegant case with slim bezel. Average to above average remote control.The sound is OK. Wifi works and is pretty easy to setup. It does not make any sounds when you turn it on or off.ConsSmart TV feature works, but is slow and clumsy, sometimes annoying. I did give it 5 stars were it not for this shortcoming.The manual states that the wall mount requires a 200mm x 200mm VESA pattern with M6 screws, but my unit required M8 screws. Of course, they did not come with either the TV or the mount.I read some of the earlier reviews where the TV has developed problems after an hour or even a week.Most of the reviews were positive however, so I decided to give it a shot. The price was right. I have had mine for about a month now and I can happily say that I have had no problems with wierd or changing colors, network problems, or login issues.So what are my complaints? Short answer - it can be downright annoying.Samsung missed the mark where so many other companies miss the mark these days, in the software.The Smart Hub on my TV works just okay. Getting around is a little slow, but it works. I would not call it a total failure like I read someone else say. Maybe my unit is newer. That does not mean it is not annoying.I got this TV for the bedroom. I like to watch movies streamed from Netflix, and catch the local news and weather once in a while. As a result, I have not had a need to connect this TV to a cable box. I just watch whatever channels the cable company sends in the clear (all the locals, plus a few cable-only channels). If you plan to use a cable box and ignore the built-in tuner, you'll save yourself one of the headaches that I went through. Programming favorite channels is not at all intuitive, and waaay more complex than it needs to be.I had to access the built-in manual to figure out how to do it. (The built-in manual is one of those things that you are glad you found, but know you really should not need in the first place.)The channel programming is divided into two separate functions. Initial channel scanning is under the setup menu (pretty straightforward), and programming favorites is under the Smart Hub menu. I suppose the logic is that the lines between TV and internet are getting blurred, so it makes sense to put channel programming with internet functions. Right.  You can not rename channels. You can reorder them, but it is rediculously painful to do. This part is not very smart. Oh, and if the so-called &#34;Smart Hub&#34; was really smart, it would remember your last selection, and not default to &#34;Family Story&#34; every time you enter. Quite painful if you use the Smart Hub alot. Clearly they have some work to do. The good news is that all hope is not lost. Since the hardware is pretty good and it is the software that's flawed, all we have to do is wait for them to fix it, right?Well - what's the first thing this &#34;TV&#34; did when I turned it on and connected it to the internet? It downloaded the latest software and rebooted itself!  After using this device (or any Smart TV) for a while, one thing will become clear. It's really not a TV. Think of it as a viewing appliance.  A computer-controlled cable tuner connected to a display. It boots when you turn it on.It's pretty quick, but you can tell it is booting.  Manufacturers love software based devices because they figure that they can fix it with an update. It does not have to be perfect when it ships. That could explain some of the problems people had early on, as well as why problems for some developed later.