I have had the TV for two weeks, and am very happy in every respect.I spent a little effort to make that happen, as I wanted this TV to be able to allow me to do without a PC sitting beside it, as was the case with my last TV. (a 42' Samsung Plasma without any network capability, but I did been using a PC beside it for Blu-ray and internet browsing)Three important things I wanted to be able to do besides the expected quality TV viewing  were:1 Watch Amazon Instant Video (particularly the free Prime videos)2 Watch MLB TV games3 Play my picture and audio files, and especially my video files which have been saved over a number of years in .avi, .mp4, .vob, .jpg, .mp3, and other formats.Playback of item 3 files was a snap, and can easily be done from USB thumb drives, but to make a great replacement for all of my video stuff, I connected a 1.5 TB Samsung Story USB hard drive with everything loaded, and it works great! I wish they still made these drives. I used USB thumb drives all the way from 8 GB to 64 GB, and all with no problem.Initially, I was only connected via my secure home wifi, and I was never successful at starting up MLB TV beyond 33% with that arrangement. I also had problems getting the Amazon Instant Video to work. I cured both by using a pair of AC powerline adapters -- one at the router, and one plugged in near the TV, and also downloading the latest software update for the TV. Downloading the update took much longer than I expected, but when I left it alone, it worked! In the meantime, I downloaded the software so I could install it via USB, but that was not neccessary. Just be patient with the online update.Even without full speed on the AC Powerline network connection, I was able to view my MLB TV with very reasonable resolution. I was also able to watch Amazon Instant Video, and watched a number of free Prime movies and TV shows.OK, great! I was able to do what I wanted, and I was able to use the browser as well. It is slow, but if you are sipping a cup of coffee while reading the local paper on-line, it is just fine. I was able to set up my important bookmarks and save them, so I can have a light browsing experience, but would not use it for making purchases online or writing lengthy emails.I did use a wireless mouse, and a wired USB keyboard with the TV. The mouse is great, and I wish more functionality was available. (changing channels and volume would be a great start) The keyboard's usefulness is application dependent, and mostly not helpful. I have quit using it.I am using a Logitech wireless mouse, and it is helpful to use in the Smart Hub screen, and for setting screen and audio characteristics when using the TV, and video off the USB hard drive. Next step is to get a wireless mouse/keyboard combo, so as to use only one USB port for both.I bought a refurbished Samsung Blu-Ray player to use with the TV for $50, and it is fine. You can almost do without the Blu-Ray player's remote, because most functionality is available on the TV remote, but it is needed to change captioning.Not having cable, the through-the-air TV reception was important. The tuner has worked well, picking up every available station that I could expect with my antenna. I made an improvement from my previous usage, by getting a signal splitter, and adding a second antenna aimed at an important TV station that was in a different direction that most of the local stations. Now I get them all without having to adjust the antenna.So, as I say, after a couple of weeks, I am very happy with the TV, and can enjoy nearly every kind of entertainment I need from it. One of the great things about this TV, and other recent models is that much of the features that are not perfect now can be cured with updates, and they seem to be fairly frequent.