First off, I will say that I got this TV at a great price, but I am somewhat distraught over its 'features'. I bought this TV for 3 reasons; it is big, it is slim, and it is 'smart'. It delivers on the first 2, but not so much on the last one. The apps for the TV are all unpolished, some work horridly. I want to touch on a few things that have caused me to lower my rating of this TV, and anything unmentioned could be considered to work anywhere from OK to great:YouTube:YouTube does not even allow you to use a keyboard to search for videos. The input for it is extremely cumbersome, and playback is terrible. I was trying to watch a video today that would just not let me enjoy it. It would freeze every few minutes, but not due to buffering... it would either cut audio or video. I hoped it was simply a buffering issue, but I let it sit for over 10 minutes, and 20 seconds later into the video, the same thing occurred. Our internet is decently fast, and I am able to load the same video from any of our PCs as well as my phone and tablet with no issues. The playlist feature is broken, it does not even put the videos in order (I am watching a video series on a video game, so kind of important that it be in order). There's tons missing from it.Browser:Extremely limited capability. I again have better luck from a smartphone loading a page. Trying to load a flash video (which is supposedly supported) of a live stream, it struggled at first but eventually started the stream. It crashed when I tried to make it fullscreen, and every time after, it would crash when simply trying to load the page.AllShare:IS A JOKE! I have never once gotten it to work. It sees my computer, but I can not find anything on it. Instead I use PS3 Media Server to accomplish the task of streaming from my PC to my TV. Big fail Samsung, this, among other things has made me lose faith in your products. At least TVs anyway. Though my Galaxy S3 is unable to control the TV through the AllShare app they offer because it supposedly does not contain Samsung framework, which is frankly a load of BS. I have yet another 3rd party app that does the job no problem.The TV has frozen on me multiple times to the point where I could not even turn it off. I had to either wait for it to shut itself down, or pull the plug. I have owned the TV for about 6 months, and I would say this has happened close to a dozen times. I was not doing anything other than trying to access or close out of the SmartTV functions.Overall, I would say that, as a TV, it does the job. It has a beautiful display and everything looks great on it - movies, games, and TV. But as far as the 'Smart' functions go, do not buy this for that. It's still too dumb to be worth it.