I should have bought this tv from Amazon instead of Sears. At the time I figured a big purchase would be better from a brick and mortar store in case I have to return it. When it arrived the first thing I noticed was the giant notice on the front of the box that says 'Do Not Return To Store'. I do not have a reason to return it, but was just trying to shop smart. (Not to dig too much on Sears but the blue ray player I bought at the same time wasnt in stock but they charged my card anyway and it took 4 phone calls and 3 months to get my money back)As for the UN46ES6100 46' Smart TV itself, it has a remarkable picture once the settings are changed and the auto-lighting feature is turned off.  It's the kind of quality picture I was hoping for. Vibrant, clear, blacks are rich, and I havent noticed and light bleed or ghosting or anything like that.The 'smart tv' features are poorly designed and it is a major hassle to use the remote to arrow across the on screen virtual keyboard when web browsing.  I bought a logitech K400 wireless keyboard w/touchpad and it works great - when Im in the smart hub or web browser - but that's it.  Once I launch any of the apps like Netflix the keyboard instantly stops working.  Samsung makes a their own expensive keyboard to work with their smart tv's but it does not work with the preinstalled apps either. This is a major downside because Samsung partners with Netflix and uses them as one of their biggest smart-tv features.They point their fingers at Netflix, and Netflix blames Samsung and neither company responds in a helpful manner.  Also the Netflix app is oversized and I can only see two movie thumbs at a time, trying to adjust the resolution of the tv once in side the app is useless, the tv picture options become all grayed out. Samsung approves these apps and uses them as a selling point but wont take any responsibility for them not working correctly. Netflix simply blames Samsung.  So, the smart tv apps are 90% worthless and but I do have a nice TV but cannot call it a good 'Smart' Tv.I ended up working around these problems by connecting my Asus Gaming Laptop to the tv so I can watch netflix at the correct screen size and use the wireless keyboard/mouse. Thus the smart tv feature is utterly useless and disappointing.  Again, the tv picture quality itself is great though.All in all there is no point in getting this smart tv from samsung unless you do not mind fumbling around on the 'on screen virtual keyboard' using their remote control - arrowing across the thing one key at a time.