Update:  After exchanging two emails with Samsung and getting nowhere - I noticed that Amazon (maybe because this is a Prime purchase?) offers 30 day free tech support.  Not having much in the way of expectations that this would help, I called.  I got a wonderful techy that walked me through the process. I had been trying to stream Netflix directly from the website, rather than going through the smart hub (I did not even know there was a smart hub).  It worked like a charm.  The user manual with this tv is pretty useless, but with the tech support all things are possible.  So now, streaming Netflix, great picture quality, good color and tone.  Glad I bought it.***I started setting this tv up at 5pm.  It is now 8:22pm and I have got as far as getting it on the stand and setting up the channels.  For the past ninety minutes I have been trying to get it to stream Netflix (which is primarily what I bought the tv for).  I tried another brand (Visio) that had a button for Nexflix and set itself up almost instantly.  This tv does not have a Netflix button and you have to go searching for where to find it.  Once you do, you enter your email and password.  Then you get a nice screen that says 'watch movies & tv instantly'.  The screen tells you all about instant watching (like anyone who already has Netflix needs to read?).  And then nothing - no 'continue' button or anything.  So I'll have to call tomorrow to figure out what the next step is.  If I was judging this tv on picture quality alone, it would get a high rating.  But the set up is not intuitive and so it is time consuming to figure out how to set it up.  I always am slow at setting up electronics.  But my last 40' smart tv (that I returned because I could not get wireless headphones to work with it) was about 100 times easier.  It took me less than an hour to set up the Visio and I was watching a Netflix movie.  I am really frustrated with this set.  Picture quality is not everything!  This one was $200 more than the Visio.  So very frustrating.