I have had this TV for 4 months. Before I got it, I watched movies on a 27&#34; Samsung CRT (top-of-the-line picture quality for the era) and played Xbox 360 games on a 22&#34; Acer LCD. This, of course, blows both of those out of the water. I now use it full-time when I am computing from the couch - great for casual surfing, but a little hard to read multiple paragraphs. The picture is amazing compared to both of my previous setups. I had issues with contrast on super-dark things (especially in games) on the Acer LCD and I have not noticed it one bit on the Samsung. Black objects show up black instead of a weirdly-glowing gray.My minor gripes with it are the sound quality and the &#34;smart&#34; features. For sound, my old CRT TV was much better with an array of forward-facing speakers.  Front-facing speakers might take away from the sleek look of this TV. This TV has 2 downward-facing drivers. They are okay, I turn on the home theater speakers for anything serious. Stereo separation can still be heard from the couch, though.I tried using the Smart TV stuff, but found myself always putting down the slow-responding remote and switching back to the computer input. I had a dedicated network cable for the TV for a time, but then decided it would be better used for my printer. The features might replace the need for something like a Roku, but being able to switch quickly from media players like VLC for videos, Winamp for music, and watching videos off the web makes it so much easier to just do it from a PC. If you do not already have an extra computer, you might have to factor this into the price of your setup, though.The 1/8&#34; stereo in made a ground loop (humming) if my cable box was plugged in. I rarely watch actual TV, so I just left it unplugged for a while. I got an optical audio cable for my setup only to find that there's no optical-in on this TV. Then I discovered you can do audio out on the GeForce GTX 465 through a DVI to HDMI cable, so the problem was solved.