This is an initial evaluation after setup and a few hours use.Nothing remarkable about physical setup. I mounted it on my existing wall mount. The I/O stuff is mostly on the back on the left side (viewed from front), with secondary I/O on the left side. The main I/O panel on the back faces back, so no crawling to try to see labels on the bottom.The physical appearance is clean. It is as thin as I could wish, and the plain black border is pleasant.One thing that is outstanding about this model is something that not everyone cares about, but if you need it, you want a good one. That is the over the air tuner. It is excellent. I previously had been using a converter box as a tuner, because the Brand X (Sabre) TV I had had the world's worst tuner. I have a small outside antenna mounted on the exterior wall. The converter box received the 'local' stations from about 30 miles away well enough. With the converter box, stations 50 miles away were shaky to the point being unreliable. This television not only has solid reception of all those, but it has slightly broken reception from an area about 85 miles away. I could no doubt get those solidly with an elevated antenna. The tuner is so good that you will have to spend a few moments cleaning out a bunch of poor signal stations from way off, after you scan in the channels. And you can stop the scan at any time, which was nice, because I did not need to scan for cable channels.The picture was good out of the box, but I did some adjustments and found it even better. Nice blacks. Accurate skin tones. Over the air DTV is very crisp. Very good sound from the onboard speakers. All I want is good sound, and I can get it without accessory speakers or home theater systems. And enough adjustments to audio and video to shape both to suit individual taste. The Input menu is pictorial, which is nice. Other menus are also decent. Not everything is documented, but you can easily work it out.I am very pleased and have nothing to complain of at all.