I picked this up back in June (or July?) from a local not-so-big-box electronics-and-appliances store (they have only got 2 locations) for $469.99 (they price matched HH Gregg without any hassle) + tax - 5% cash back on my Citibank Mastercard... $481.09 total.  Really nice picture quality after spending quite a bit of time tweaking/calibrating the picture (there are tons of picture settings, some meant for a professional calibration).  Very nice picture as long as I am looking at it straight on (I lost the panel lottery and got a VA panel :( ).PROS:* Lots of inputs!  TWO composite, TWO component (none of that combined component/composite input crap), an RF (would not really be a TV without one :-D ), three HDMI, a VGA (some TV's do not have this), a USB (to view pictures and videos and listen to music from a thumb drive), and a headphone jack (quite a few TV's nowadays do not even have an analog stereo out!)* Nice HD and decent SD picture with natural colors... worlds better than the picture of the 13 year old Sanyo 32' CRT TV it replaced.  I did have to do quite a bit of messing with settings though and I have the backlight cranked out to nearly the max values.  I am worried that the backlight will crap out in 5 years or less since this TV runs about 14-16 hours a day at my house.CONS:* The viewing angle of the VA panel!  It's terrible!  The picture looks washed out unless I look at the TV straight on.  At least the stand swivels and I can swivel the TV so I can look at it straight on, but some of the picture is cut off when I swivel it in the entertainment center it sits in.* The sound.  It's not horrible, but the 32' Sanyo it replaced had MUCH better sound.  Being in an entertainment center cabinet helps the sound somewhat.Overall:  Nice TV and so far so good, but I am wondering if I would have been better off to pony up the extra $100-$200 for an LED-backlit model since this TV runs 14+ hours a day?  The Sanyo CRT TV is still OK, aside from the cruddy picture quality, after being run 14+ hours daily for 7 1/2 years.