I had purchased a samsung 40' LCD recently and I was (and still am) VERY pleased with it is picture quality.I was frustrated however with it is limited inputs and connectivity. I came across reviews for this LG set, which is slightly bigger, cost about the same, yet has more hdmi inputs as well as headphone jack, among other connection options.I had this item shipped via overnight shipping.SHIPPING:-The tv arrived the next day, but in less than pristine condition. A plastic part from the frame had broken off during transit.Things got worse as I actually hooked up the tv. There were dark vertical lines down the screen, apparent only against a light background, but still quite obvious. What most likely occurred is that the tv was shipped FACE DOWN on the screen. I looked at the box again and noticed that the cardboard grain is vertical and the spacing matched the lines on the tv.This is enough to convince me that shipping a large item in a hurry by harried, hurried, rushed delivery companies during one of the most hectic shopping and shipping periods is not necessarily a good idea.THE TV:PROS:1. lots of connection options: 3 hdmi, speakerphone jack, side hdmi with component in, digital audio out.2. big screen for the price.3. the menu system is intuitive (for the most part) and offers lots of options.4. excellent menu system for calibrating and adjusting the picture.5. sound quality is not bad at all.6. documentation is very good, albeit on a cd.7. LG is thoughtful enough to include a microfiber cleaning clothCONS:1. the tuner is not very good. It does not pick up as many stations as the samsung, and is VERY slow to run through all channels in auto tuning.2. picture quality is not very impressive, at least not compared to the samsung.3. customer service is a joke. I called several times and none of the speakers could speak english fluently. They were very confused by some basic questions about inputs and connections.PICTURE QUALITY:The LG was a big disappointment, no pun intended.First, the good news. In ideal circumstances, the LG can give you a very good picture, even an excellent one. For instance, if there is no natural light, and you are watching a perfect high def digital source (a recent film release on blu ray), the LG does in fact look very good.HOWEVER, picture quality with broadcast sources is really bad. It's not clear why, but satellite and over the air digital tv sources look horrible. There is a horrible amount of noise for instance on the local network station, which is less than ten miles away, and broadcasts in 1080i.With satellite tv, pixelation, artifacts and noise are very apparent. The samsung handles both broadcast and satellite sources with ease, however.Also, the LG's picture is much darker, the colors less saturated and they are not as accurate as on the samsung. Samsung color accuracy is excellent: the blues on avatar are beautiful for instance.By comparison, it seems almost impossible to get a nice looking picture color wise, with the LG. I spent many hours using the picture wizard as well as manually adjusting the multiple picture settings on my own. Regardless, the picture seems too dark even with contrast settings set to near max, and everything seemed to have a gold/brown/green cast. It almost seemed as if outdoor scenes were always filmed at dusk, or indoor scenes in poor lighting.Given these serious problems with picture quality, I am puzzled by this tv's stellar reviews. It's likely that the majority of buyers are stepping up from old CRT's or older generation lcd's and find this unit a big step up.However, I am comparing this set to a new samsung, and the differences in quality are very noticeable. The bottom line is that it is not fun watching broadcast tv on this LG. The picture is always noisy, even with very strong signals broadcast in 1080i.Do yourself a favor and take a look at a samsung.