My short recommendation:If you are planning to go for eitherLG 42LK450 42-Inch 1080p 60Hz LCD HDTV [..]orLG 42LV3500 42-Inch 1080p 60 Hz LED-LCD HDTV [..]and BlueRigger High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet 6.6 Feet (2m) - Supports 3D and Audio Return [Latest Version] [..]Just go for these provided you are willing to go through some POSSIBLE TV return/exchange hassle (I could have just been the unforunate one but Amazon has ensured SO FAR I never felt that way - but I plan to update this review if they do not continue giving me the same comfort feeling with this TV buying experience episode)Details:LED LCD [LG 42LV3500] vs regular LCD [LG 42LK450]I had an opportunity to look at both these TVs and I should say, the picture quality is nothing less than STUNNING for both of them.There is a reason for the high number of positive reviews and I think it is the stunning picture quality that does not stop WOW-ing. While I like the natural color quality in the regular LCD, my wife liked the crispness of LED-LCD picture and also the thickness of the LED LCD TV was way smaller than the regular LCD TV. While personally I liked the regular LCD better (you get a more natural TV like color feel), my wife liked the LED-LCD (you get a more Computer Monitor like feel). Another thing to note, LG 42LV3500 I received has a matte finish (but do not expect the matte level of computer monitors, there is still some glossiness on LG 42LV3500, but it sure seems like a Matte finish screen. It could even be an IPS panel but I do not know that for sure). LG 42LK450 I received has a glossy finish. Some people might like glossy monitors as opposed to matte and possibly because of the same reason I felt the regular LCD had more natural looking colors.I used the following 1080p video on Youtube to test the TV picture quality and sound quality as well. I got this link when I googled for 1080p songs. This is a song apparently from Indian cinema with A.R. Rehman's music with bright colors in the song. Make sure you change the 360p on the right bottom of the video to 1080p HD before playing the video. Just search for 'ROBO HD VIDEO SONG Endhiran Bluray 1080p x264 DTS 5 1 Raj1402' in youtube and click on the first link.[..]I used the bluerigger HDMI cable running from my computer to the TV. You can see how this song and it is bright colors fill the screen, it is simply stunning on the TV.Sound qualityIf you want to avoid going through manual audio quality set up, just choose Cinema sound mode (You do not need need to necessarily choose Cinema picture along with Cinema sound, you can choose Cinema sound quality and leave the default/off picture mode) and the cinema mode sound is pretty loud enough for me.Refresh quality [60hz]:Honestly I am yet to notice what people seemed to talk about a lot. I think choosing a HDTV can be a hit or miss depending on the model. So just because a model has 120hz does not mean you are gaining something. You might end up losing on the picture quality if that model turns out bad. Same with looking for a SMART wifi TV and taking a gamble on possibly losing out picture quality. I can tell you from my own experience, both LG 42LV3500 and LG 42LK450 have stunning picture quality.If you are going to be watching sports all the time, this may or may not be the right model for you, but I can not really speak for it because i do not watch much sports and i have not notice any difference on fast moving movie scenes. If you keep looking for a difference, you may notice something that might not even be closely related to the 60hz refresh rate but you might think, 'oh, this might not happen if it was 120hz'. Bottom line, if you are very particular about it, go to Best buy or your friend's place with some fast moving sports video and request them to check your video out on both 60 & 120hz TVs and see if you notice any difference and whether that difference makes any difference to you.Now coming to the POSSIBLE TV return/exchange hassle (I could have just been the unforunate one but Amazon has ensured SO FAR I never felt that way - but I plan to update this review if they do not continue giving me the same comfort feeling with this TV buying experience episode)My first LG 42LK450 arrived with a gaping hole on the center of the box [I guess it happened during shipping]. I REFUSED the delivery. So no real hassle there for me. Courier person offered that I open and find out if there any damage. If I had done that I suppose it would equal to accepting the shipment and then I would have gone through the return process. Anyways, I simply refused the courier person's offer and delivery. Amazon sent me a replacement immediately. The replacement arrived in good shape but when I kept using it, it was emitting a strong plastic smell from behind the TV whenever the TV was on. Amazon was very sorry, created an RMA and it went back to Amazon as well.My first LG 42LV3500 arrived in good shape [i mean the outside box] but had a dent behind the TV that was causing light bleed right at the place of the dent. Amazon once again was very sorry and this was replaced immediately.