I bought this TV to replace a LG 37' 720p television.  I had that one for over 6 years, and was very happy with it.  I wanted to upgrade to a 1080p TV, and needed a 37'.  I also wanted 3 HDMI inputs, something that is very hard to find in that size and combination.  With my previous experience, I decided to go with LG.  The TV had everything I wanted, but there was a problem with the sound.  After selecting an input to turn on, say, the cable or my Playstation 3, once it had started up a minute in to whichever device you were using the sound would go out for about 3 seconds.  I tried numerous devices, cables, etc. but it still happened.I called LG, and they were going to contact the service agent in my area.  He said I needed to have the main board replaced.  Once it came in, he replaced the board and the TV would not even show a picture.  The gentleman said it must be a bad board, and that he would order another.  A couple of weeks later, the 2nd board showed up and was installed.  The problem did not go away, and a 3rd board was on order.  At this point it had been 2 months and no resolution was in sight.  LG told me that if the next board did not fix it, that I could put in a request for a review of the item for a refund.  LG, however, has to approve a refund and could offer a replacement but it would not necessarily be the same model.  Since this was the only model I could find through LG with the specifics of 1080p, 37' and 3 HDMI ports I knew they would not be able to replace it since this was not the 2012 model.I wanted to exchange it through Amazon at the beginning but they had been sold out.  Also, the returns department could refund me based on how old the television was.  So even though I had it 2 months and it had not functioned properly since day 1 I could receive less than I paid based on the fact I had owned it for 2 months.  I returned it to Amazon and purchased a Panasonic instead.  After all this, I would be very hesitant to pick up ANY LG product in the future after the way they treated this customer.