I am not sure how helpful this review will be since a newer version of this TV is out there, and this model is slowly being phased out of existence, but because I am so pleased with this TV I will write one anyway just in case. First some background: I was in the market looking for a reasonably priced (I am a college student on a limited budget), good quality TV that would be a good enough size to put in the family room of the house I will be moving into next year (currently I am living on campus, planning to move off). I spent weeks searching between all of the big box stores (Walmart, Costco, Bestbuy, etc...) trying to find something enough that would not break the bank. It seemed that the global, more mainstream brands like Sony and Samsung were too darn expensive, and I was destined to settle for a lesser known store brand. I was set to settle on a Vizio that had mediocre reviews when I stumbled upon this puppy on Amazon. To my surprise it was on sale for a fraction of the retail price. I knew that Amazon is a fickle mistress that changes with the tides, so I snatched this deal up immediately.Shipping and handling wise, I used my prime membership and it arrived in no time at all via UPS. Taking it out of the box, the TV had no cosmetic damage and it seemed to be packaged quite solidly (but I would advise against dropping this thing in box to test that theory). Turning on the TV and going through the initial set up, the TV was in perfect condition, with no dead pixels or software issuesPicture quality- I am not that big of a picture snob, so I consider this picture to be really damn good. I tested the HDMI picture by playing a 1080p video from the interwebs and playing some high resolution games on our X-box. Every time, the picture was very impressive sitting from my couch. As a note, I turned off the eco feature that dims the screen according to light. For some reason it was very noticeable to me regardless of ambient light in the room.Sound- I took the advice of others and tweaked the sound. Right out of the box the sound leaves something else to be desired, so do what I did and use the recommendations of other reviewers as a baseline and tweak to taste.Connections- Unlike the 'newest' model, this TV comes stacked with 3 and not 2 HDMI ports. This is really handy because it allows us to keep our cable box and X-box constantly plugged in while leaving the 3rd port free (we usually stream stuff directly from our laptops through HDMI). This also boasts two older-tech AV ports, handy for plugging in older devices such as our Wii and Nintendo 64 which. There are also many other ports which are listed in the description. Needless to say this is stacked with plenty of connections/ports which makes life a lot easier, and me a lot happier.Luckily it seems that as always the other reviewers on Amazon did not lead me astray. I was able to snatch up this sweet deal of a TV without having to compromise quality. I have had this TV for a couple of months now, and I am absolutely pleased with my purchase. In summary this is a good quality, good looking TV that provides a lot of flexibility for whoever buys it. If you have the opportunity to get this model on the cheap, I highly suggest you do what I did and buy it while you still can!