Like many other reviewers, I came to Amazon in search of an affordable, 1080p, 32-inch TV.  After some extensive research, I settled upon this product, and decided to give it a go.  To make note, I use this product solely with my third-generation Apple TV, which provides 1080p content.  I have not tried it with cable, Blu-Ray, DVD, etc.After ordering this product, the box arrived at my home just three days later (I paid for no 'expedited' shipping).  In awe of the prompt delivery time, I opened up the package, and found the television very simple to set up.  If you are using the table-top stand, some basic assembly was required, but the instructions were very clear and easy to understand.  The television provides an incredible number of inputs, which I cannot comment on as I am only using one HDMI input.  Additionally, the remote is very intuitive, easy-to-understand, and functioned as expected.In terms of actual performance, the television is really quite great.  The sound quality is exceptional (I typically leave it at around 12 or 13 volume, which works well from hearing across the room).  Like previous reviewers have noted, adjusting some of the brightness and contrast settings can really help to adjust the perfect viewing environment for your home.  I spent about twenty minutes playing with the settings, including using some settings another reviewer posted, but ended up finding some of the preset settings worked best.  I tested a few 1080p items (a movie, a downloaded TV show, and Netflix streaming), all of which really looked great.  I found that when standing very close to the television, the picture quality appears rather standard, but when sitting about 8 or 10 feet back (which is, realistically, how people watch TV), it is that crisp 1080p quality you did expect.I really have no negative things to say about this television.  For the price, I think it is an exceptional value, and would happily buy again.  If you are willing to spend more, yes, there are other products out there that provide a more lively picture, but in this price range, this absolutely is the best television I have come across.  I did strongly recommend to buy.