First the good part, this is probably one of the cheapest 42' LCD TV out there in the cyber world... I could not find any one in store  that comes close to this price range. So, i am happy with the purchase from a price point!I use this TV for viewing standard and cable TV programs. The image are good but not as good when compared to a prior Sharp Aquos LCD Tv i used to own. For some reason, the image does not 'pop' and lacks the clarity and crisp that higher end LCD TV has to offer. That said... Again, it only cost less than half the price of those TVs. I guess something gotta give, the balance between quality and price. To reiterate, the picture quality is definitely good... Just not great.I purchase this tv set using the amazon prime membership... Hence they really did delivery within two days, amazingly.... And i am really pleased. The tv came in its original packaging... And the set up took less than 30 mins... The based board needs to be screwed to the main tv unit but it can be comfortably done by just one person and the program set up is pretty intuitive. Just press the automatic config button in the tv menu and you are all set after  5 mins of channel search.One word of warning - this tv unit has a tendency to ' forget' saved channels.. This means that saved channels in prior channel search gets mysteriously deleted or omitted after about two weeks of use ( and i mean light use as i dun watch tv everyday). I had problems with Animal Planet and NatGeo... There may be other channels. At first i thought that the problem was with the cable... Then I realised that the problem is more with the TV rather than the cable network. To fix this problem i had to go through another 5 mins of channel configuration to search and save the channels. It is troublesome... But not sufficient for me to return the unit.I would definitely have rated this tv at least 4 stars ( for its value for money proposition) however, i reduced this to 3 stars because of the channel omit issue i mentioned above.