Update March 2012: Use the picture wizard in the menu.  It really fine tunes the image quality.Where do I start?  This LCD TV is replacing a 23' Samsung computer monitor that I have been using as an entertainment viewing screen in my bedroom.  As such is the case, I have been looking to make the purchase on a big screen TV for a long, long time.  This search came to a conclusion earlier this year when I found a deal on this TV.  Admittedly, what drew me to this purchase was the brand name and the gleaming reviews on multiple websites.This TV delivers excellent quality picture and sound.  The image is crisp and remarkably clear.  Color clarity is spectacular for this being a cathode back-lit model.  I find black levels to be perfect for my viewing needs.  I typically use this TV as a computer monitor for viewing film, regular HD television programs, gaming, and everyday internet browsing.One of the features I like the most is the picture image wizard.  You can quite literally set the picture features to your liking with a very easy to use step-by-step wizard.  Couple this with the automatic backlight setting, you get the best possible viewing experience.I read through dozens of reviews that were somewhat critical of the sound, but I should say this: for a 3' panel, the built in speakers outperform pretty much every other LCD panel I have seen in my search for a new TV.  The bass is present and acceptable for a normal listening experience, but will not compare to a separate audio system.  Regardless of that one minor and understandable drawback, I find that the clearvoice setting and infinite surround have the effect that I believe they were intended to achieve.  Clearvoice emphasizes and amplifies mid range audio frequencies where you will typically find vocal ranges.  Infinite surround also achieves a sort of surround sound effect.  Its not absolutely amazing like some of the new sound bars, but it is present and effective at some level.Long story short, I think if you get this TV you will be greatly pleased.  Granted that everyone's taste is different, I am still quite certain that this TV offers up tunable video and audio performance that will appeal to even the most discerning video/audiophile.