I purchased this camera not expecting much in quality. General Electric is not a brand allot of people brag about. I was impressed with the specifications and decided to go with it. I am not much of a tech geek or a photographer so I am not going to bore you with a bunch of technical BS. I bought this camera because I was going to nicaragua on a vacation. When the camera arrived I was impressed on how sturdy and well built this camera was. I was expecting a cheap, plasiticky, and fagile product. This camera has a very solid construction. I was able to take some AMAZING pictures with this camera. When I came back and posted my pictures on facebook everyone was asking what kind of camera I used. The color of the pictures was just simply amazing, the sunsets at the beach were breath taking, I photographed some butterflies upclose and the pictures came out with amazing detail. The battery life also lasts  a very long time. I took over 500 photographs, played with the zoom constantly, and it only drained 50% of the battery life in the 2 weeks I was there.The quality of the pictures like I said are amazing but this camera is not great for moving objects. It takes a whole second for it to shoot the picture. You cant really point and shoot when driving. You can not capture a flying bird. If they make a version of this camera that could shoot photos a lil faster, atleast 3 to 5 photos per second it would be one of the best cameras out there for the price.I ended up giving my camera away to some nice people while on vacation. When I returned in december a few weeks later I recieved a NIKON coolpix p510 for xmas. I was in shock when I opened up the camera and it had the cheap, fagile, plasticky, constuction I thought the GE would have. When I was on vacation I dropped my camera a few times and it did not phase it. I am afraid that if I ever drop my nikon it will be all over. General Electric is doing an awsome thing here with these cameras. As soon as a new version of the power pro comes out I am buying it. I am not saying that my nikon does not work, I am just saying that General Electric is kicking @$$ with these products and I am a big fan of picture quality, efficiency, and a durable solid construction. I highly recommend this product from an average person's point of view.