I was torn when I decided to try this camera.  On one hand the price was so great and the specs so much better than cameras that were more expensive, on the other there were enough negative reviews to make me wonder.  But I thought, what the heck?  The price is so good, it is worth a shot.  If it is a piece of crap I'll return it.  And so far I am glad I did try it.  I have had it for several months now and even took a photography class with it.  To my great surprise it stood up very well to the far more expensive, larger, bulkier and harder to use DSLRs that the other participants had, particularly in the numbers listed for the zoom feature.  The lens is marked as 15x wide aspheric ED lens 4.9-73.5 mm 1:3.0-5.2 and 27 - 405 mm.  When I read that off in class even the instructor's jaw dropped.  None of the DSLRs with their huge removable lenses got close to that 405 mm.  It also had a lot more settings in SCN mode, like fireworks or sunsets or behind glass or a fisheye effect.  Now regarding the problem other reviews listed, the file that comes out blank.  In fact it is not blank.  It happened to me on the manual setting only.  When I looked in the owner's manual for whether I might be doing something wrong, I found instructions for adjusting the white balance in manual.  After following the instructions the white balance decreased and the image came out fine.Now for a few cons.  The image stabilization/hand shake feature does not solve all problems.  Some of my pics came out blurry when I thought I was keeping the camera fairly still.  I did recently acquire a tripod so I am hoping to solve that issue.  Also it does not seem to automatically engage the image stabilization.  The images also can start to get a little blurry toward the edges.  Maybe that's user error, who knows?  I was disappointed in the night feature, pics come out very blurry and the color distorts.  However, using manual or program and adjusting the settings myself seemed to solve some of that.  Making adjustments to exposure value, ISO, shutter speeds is easy and the range is surprisingly good for a product so cheap.  F-stops go from 3.0 to 6.6 or higher, depending on your other settings, EV is 2.0 to-2.0, on shutter priority you can go from 30 (has a snowflake) to 1/2000 (has a bird flying).  ISO goes from 80 to 3200, or leave it on automatic.  Sometimes the image will become increasingly grainy the further I zoom in, but that could be again the stabilization not being on.In the photo class our instructor was joking about the best camera you can get actually is your phone, especially if it has HDR capabilities because the colors are truer to what you are seeing with your eyes. Imagine my surprise at finding a HDR setting on this camera!  Though apparently only after you have taken the shot, since it is on the playback menu.  It does seem to correct the exposure, though not always as much as I wish.  Also a good feature that it took some time to discover is the color setting.  You can change it from auto to vivid color, which gets much closer to what your eyes are looking at.It does go through batteries like crazy, but that can be reduced dramatically by turning off the LCD screen and the flash which are the biggest drains on power.  One thing that had me stumped is the two files it produces for every pic.  There's one JPEG, and one THM which my computer does not know what to do with.  But the JPG comes out fine, sends over email fine, and holds clarity pretty well even when enlarged.  According to GE's site, the THM file is thumbnail, to allow it to be displayed on the camera's LCD.  Once the JPEG is downloaded to your computer, you do not need the other file. (SEE MY UPDATE!!)  Another annoying thing is that if you have not used it for a few days, it can take forever to take a pic, because it is trying to recharge the flash. If that's the case you'll see a flashing red lightning bolt on your screen.  Just hold the shutter down halfway till it stops flashing, then everything should go back to normal.One thing I am still stumped on is the megapixels.  It is supposed to be 16 meg, which should give you really good clarity.  While the clarity is far better than my old point_and_shoot, I expected better at 16 meg.  Again, could be user error or need of a tripod to reduce blurriness.I had a 16x20 print made from one of my pics and framed.  The pro photographer who made the print thought the resolution was high enough that I could possibly even sell prints at that size.All in all, I am very happy with this camera, still experimenting with all the things you can do.  Awesome product for the price and amazing options for not being a true DSLR.  Would recommend it highly as a step up from a simple point and shoot.UPDATE: I have since discovered that deleting the THM file cuts down my jpeg file size by about half, for whatever bizarre reason.  So, DO NOT delete the THM, even though it is irritating to have all those extra files cluttering up your hard drive.  Also, I really wish they would make it possible to shoot in raw format, since jpeg does lose a lot to compression.  Still a great camera though, I have had it about a year now.