I do not own this camera; rather I used a brand new one at the volunteer organization where I work. As I was to use it for an early evening, December Christmas Parade, I took it home and got to know its functions. It looked very impressive with many functionalities. What I discovered was very disappointing.Firstly, if you ever plan to use this camera in below 35 degree weather, do not buy it. I noticed in another review that it did not function in the heat either. At first it shut down after three or four minutes in that temperature.  Even after putting it under three layers next to my skin it shut down, and would not turn back on. Typically I would have shoot 60-90 photos hoping for 5 very good photos. I was only able to take 16. Out of 16, the worst quality went from blank to just blurry lights to unrecognizable faces. Of the nine remaining the only useable photos were those when I did used the flash. By the way, you must remember to click the flash open for it to work, no matter what the setting. All photos taken using the night or low light feature were too blurry to be of use. The only way I got the one good shot was close up, with a flash and then fixing it up in Photoshop Elements.I brought it home and used it after a few hours, giving it time to warm up, and then again the next morning both times inside. The quality was still bad all around. The macro function did not work. Without flash the 'Steady' shot feature to reduce blur was about 30% better than without it, both at a low light setting. Also the 'steady shot' feature must be clicked on with every next click of the shutter, slowing down your ability to shoot consecutively. Neither were great. As a comparison my iPhone 4 at low light and no setting takes less blurry photos.The camera is noisy when zooming--not good for taking photos at a performance, or on the QT, for example. It is very slow to complete the process of taking a shot, even with the flash, which means you must hold it steady for much longer than an iPhone or my SONY point and shoot. This may contribute to the blurriness. What you see on the video display is not the composition you get. Even using the view finder it was off. For the advertised zoom and pixels it should take much sharper photos.The lens cap does not stay on well but that is the smallest complaint I have. I wrote to the executive that purchased the camera for our office that it should be returned because it is not useful in the conditions where it will be used primarily.The only positive comment I can share is that the camera's bells and whistles look impressive. They do not function close to impressively. Your camera phone is probably better than this GE camera.