Photography is something I have always been interested in, and I have wanted a DSLR camera for a long time. However, after doing much research, I decided a 'bridge' camera was more along the lines of what I actually needed. A 'bridge' camera, simply put, is a camera that is a level or so above a typical point_and_shoot camera, but not at the level of a DSLR.Mainly, I was looking for something that took regular AA or NiMH batteries, something that had 10X (optical) zoom or better- (this has 15X), has optical image stabilization as I have developed a slight-to-noticeable tremor in my hands these past few years, has a good number of megapixels, and could do decent video, and well, help make my photos look better. Also, I wanted something that would give me a sampling of what a DSLR camera offers and provide the opportunity to learn more from pretty basic techniques to some of the finer points of photography as I go along-- this does all that and much more. It has so many settings and variables of it that allow me to experiment with different settings manually, but also has the 'Auto' setting that allows the camera to sense the environment and automatically adjust it is own settings accordingly, giving me great pictures when I do not want to have to think too much about it.I bought this camera over a year ago, and was sure at that time I would have mastered/outgrown it and moved onto a DSLR by now. However, I am so pleased with this camera, and the great photos it produces, that my DSLR envy has faded quite alot. This camera has consistently given me great pictures and made me look like a better photographer than I am. The macro function has given me some fabulous close-ups of everything from catepillars to pendants I have reviewed here on Amazon (please see photo for example, I have included a photo I took of a pendant using the macro function, that turned out great with the optical image stablization in place, even though the tremor in my hands was kind of bad that day). I have taken supplemental photos at events for friends, made photo gifts for family and friends, made some black and white photographs of our daughters which I transferred to canvas, and received many compliments on each endeavor, although it is the camera that deserves the credit. This camera allows me to go as easy as point and shoot on 'auto' or experiment with the more advanced settings as I wish, and I just love it!I very much recommend this camera, it is one of the best purchases I have made yet.