I did my research before investing in any camera, so before I even purchased the GE X500 I knew that it is optical zoom (15x) outdid any other camera for the price, and even others that were more. I got the black camera, for no particular reason, and immediately loved it. It took awhile to experiment with it, but I got used to it quickly and have taken some outstanding photos. It is perfect for beginners (including me) though I may eventually sell my GE X500 to step up to something of much more quality, and a higher priced. No, this is not for professionals but is perfect for those experimenting with photography and who enjoy it as a hobby. It is very useful!PROS:- Wonderful picture quality and many different options to choose from.- Easy navigation.- Simple to use and great for anyone who wants a great camera for a low price.- High quality. This is not one of those cheap cameras that breaks after the first use--it holds up. I have banged it a few times, and it is okay. And the lens responds if your hand (or an object) is in the way when you are trying to zoom or when it is turning on. It will not fall apart.- Professional. I think this camera is perfect for a budding professional photographer, since it really gives you the real, basic feel of photography with a realistic camera that you would be using in professional photo shoots and etc.- Shape. The shape of it is like many professional cameras, and I love it. It's so much easier to hold!CONS:- Sometimes it bugs me because it seems slightly slow with turning on, and slightly slow right after you take a picture. IS this a major issue? No. Not at all. In fact, it is very rare that it actual upsets me. It does not take a long time, I just have zero patience... so i can not wait more than a few miliseconds!- Not the best for indoor photography. I mainly use it for outdoor, but when I try indoor photos the lighting needs to be good. But it does have a flash, so i guess I should not complain. But flash does not help when you are trying to photograph animals!- I guess I could complain that the manual is on a CD or something of the sort... but you do not really need it.CONCLUSION:Worthwhile camera. Buy it, because I promise you will not find anything else this good for in or around the same price!RECOMMENDATIONS:When I bought this I also purchased a Transcend 10GB SDHD card, which works fine with the camera. It's relatively cheap, so feel free to do the same. It also does not come with a camera bag, which is not a huge deal to me, but it might be to you.