My young son loves photography, which I, a longtime hobby photographer, was happy to see.  When I say young, I mean very young, but he did a great job all summer with my fancier cameras, so I wanted to see him with a camera of his own, not too expensive, a good size for small hands, but could produce dependably quality shots.  It was his first camera, so raving excellence was not crucial, but I wanted something that would do well by him.  This one had decent reviews, so I took him with his birthday and allowance money, and slid the cash across the table for one of these.His pictures were nearly all coming out out of focus, which I first wrote off as him not managaging the camera properly, probably not being prudent to hold it still or something.  To help, I upped the shutter speed quite a ridiculous bit, flipped on the flash, and gave him a reminder about keeing the camera steady, which iritated him, because he insisted he was.  I then watched him shoot some; he was indeed holding the camera steady.  I checked the pictures.  There was some improvement at this point, but none were sharp, or realy even allthat close to being sharp.  I borrowed his camera for awhile and composed some shots of my own.  As a serious photography hobbist, I can take crisp photos.  I know what I am doing. I know how to aim autofocuses.  I tested several shots on some objects hat I trusted would be really still, not apt to move in the breeze or wiggle: our picket fence, the beams on our porch, siding, sturdy tree trunks, my napping husband. Then some pics of higher motion stuff: our pet rats, the kids playing, windy leaves and grass.  The ONLY picture that turned out crisp for me was the sleeping husband one.  Most of the others I could tell were not in focus before I even moved them off of the camera screen and onto the computer.  Remember, additionally, that I had the shutter speed substantially high.  I then apologized to my son fo accusing him of camera wiggle and human error.In short, I am returning the camera.  I think the autofocus is calculating really poorly.  After some heavy research at home of reviews for cameras in his price range,  think I have found a better quality option for him.  I am not sure if our particular camera was out of whack out of the box, or if thi is a common problem.  Sorry I could not give this a better review, but this really was not up to snuff for us.  I dd like theease of functions; it is easy to learn your way around the camera, which would have been great for my kid, as he's he's too young for something that requires much fuss.  I loved the look and feel of the camera for his little hands.  He loved that the shape mimicks an SLR,  areal cameras,' as he calls them, but it was not heavy or clunky in his hands, or too big to easily reach the shutter while grippin the camera (a problem he had previously had with my own larger ones).  For the price, if it had functioned decently, it would have made an awesome starter camera for a kid who really loves following in Mom's camera-happy footsteps.  As it was, though, I just coul not justify letting him spend every last penny on a camera--his first big purchase--that would not consistanly output shots he could be proud of.