First of all, if you are looking for a full-fledged SLR this camera is not for you. You most likely will never find one for the price of this camera. That being said- for the price this camera is a good camera. It is also a good bridge to an SLR type. Think of it as SLR training wheels. There are several features of this camera that I liked and very few that I did not.The pros: there are a lot of things this camera is capable of and it is packed with options and functionality. There are MANY different modes this camera can shoot in. It also has a view finder and function. For those of you who like to visually line up the photo this is a nice bonus.  Another thing that I liked was the HDR option although it is good, it is not great, The 16mp is standard for most newer cameras and there is nothing too special about it- it does take pictures that look 16mp. The 15x zoom is nice even though half of it is digital. The camera feels good in the hands and has some heft to it. (Some might not like this, but I feel sentimental about the older cameras, this camera is very reminiscent of those).  Another thing that some people might not like but does not bother me is that the camera uses 4 AA batteries. If you are the kind of person that prefers lithium Ion this camera is not for you.  I like being able to pick up batteries where ever I am at any gas station.The Cons: The cameras stabilization could be better. Although it works it could use some improvement.  The lens cap could have been made better, it does not to stay on as well as it should.  The Gui on the camera could use some work, although there is a whole lot of options on this camera some of them are hard to find.  The images are clear in doors but they could be slightly better. (images outdoors seem to turn out very nice)The bottom line: For the price paid, this camera was worth it. It is a good camera, and a great stepping stone to a SLR camera. For about $109.00 there are few cameras that do better. I will give a couple of heads ups: It is slightly larger and will require a larger carrying case. The upper limit on the card size is 16 gb (so don&#8217;t by a 32 gb for this camera).  DO NOT GET ONE OF THESE FROM WALMART. They do carry this camera, but if you are not paying attention you will get the &#34;DIET&#34; version of this camera for about 128.00$, it will be a 14 mp camera with half the options and half the durability. In the end I would say I like this camera just as much as the cannon point and click I have and the Samsung I have (both cost a lot more and do not have the quality of picture)