I chose this camera mostly because of the price. Amazon has it marked down 34%, what a steal! I was worried about the the quality of the camera though, since it is being marked down so much but I was pleasantly surprised.Before this purchase, I had been looking at expensive DSLRs. Seeing the price, I knew I could never afford one on my tight college student budget, and was really discouraged to the point that I thought I would never be able to upgrade from my 8 MP, Nikon Coolpix. The power pro X500 was the perfect compromise and fit into my budget.Pros:-Great hand grip. I do not have to worry about dropping my camera anymore, and get a much a steadier shot.-High Megapixel: Gives my photos great clarity.-Panorama tool: I love making panoramas, and this camera makes it very easy.-Fish eye tool: Sometimes I just like making fun, unusual photos.-Battery life: So far my battery life seems pretty good.- Manual settings: This camera gives full manual setting and gives cute picture guides on recommended aperture and shutter speed for different subjects which makes learning easier.-Shoulder strap: I have never owned a camera with a shoulder strap before and to my surprise I love it. I do not ever worry about dropping my camera since it now hangs around my neck at most times.-Auto-settings: The auto- settings (both scene mode and full on auto) seems to be decent and are good when in a rush, although I recommend using the manual settings to get the most out of your camera.-Zoom: The zoom is incredible. I can see the caps of the mountains that run close to my city easily with the zoom. I suppose shooting wild animals from afar would be made easier with this zoom as well.-Price: Seriously, what can beat $99?-Hand Stabilization: I have shaky hands, so I often times get blurry photo's but not on this camera. Every one of my pictures have come out crystal clear.Cons:-Batteries: I would prefer a rechargeable battery over AA batteries any day.-User Manual: The user manual was given on a CD rather than a paper. Going paperless is cool and green and all but it is a hassle to have to read the user manual from a computer. A paper manual would be nice to have to pack a way in my camera bag just, in case I am away from my computer and would like to refresh myself on some the camera's settings.-Picture storage: The camera it is self only has enough space on it to hold 3 pictures, which forces you to invest into a memory card.-Flash: The flash settings are not very customizable.- .jpg: This camera only gives the option to shot in JPGs rather than in .RAW which all the professionals use.All in all, I am glad I discovered this camera and made a purchase. My hobby is flourishing and I have learned a lot using this camera. I now take my camera everywhere, and have captured some really great photos. I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone who wants to take pictures like a pro but does not have the money to purchase a DSLR.