What do you need in a phone? The ability to call people. Text. Email. Those are the 3 essentials to have in a phone nowadays and this Blackberry Curve 9360 is perfect for all 31 (calling)--- Obviously every phone's got calling, but the blackberry curve has really loud volume so basically anywhere (even in loud places) you can hear what the other person is saying very clearly2 (text)--- The keyboard is incredible. It's SO easy to type that after using the phone for 6 months I can type without looking at the keyboard. Plus I barely ever make spelling mistakes because the keyboard is so well laid out. Texts are clear and have a nice, easy to see view when you are scrolling through all your old texts3 (email)--- Blackberry email is really easy to use. Emails are easy to respond to, easy to read, and since you can type so quickly, unlike the iphone you can respond to them so much faster. PLUS (a huge benefit) blackberry doese not have iphone's stupid autocorrect which can really screw up an email if you do not reread it carefully. With balckberry you do not need to waste time on rereading all your emailsBonus: This phone is TINY. Really small, worse than iphones, a lot of times I mistake it for my really thin ipod touch (the new one) because it is that smallObviously the apps and internet on this phone are not close to the iphone's level, but do you really need to use apps or internet all the time?Personally the only app that I wished I had was the iphones maps app. Other than that I have NEVER wanted any apps on this blackberry. AS to internet, it is possible to use, but it is annoying. But at work you have a computer for internet, at home you have a computer, do you REALLY need to use internet while traveling?SUMMARY: The curve 9360 does everything that phone is supposed to do better than any other phone. Calling is smooth, the kyeboard cannot be beat, and email is quicky and very easy (and secure if that matters to you). To me, it is the Perfect Phone, i am not exaggerating