This device actually comes with Android 2.3 Gingerbread pre-installed now, rather than 2.2 Froyo, so that was a nice surprise. The phone loads apps very quickly, with virtually no lag. The 4.3 inch screen is quite nice to look at, and very responsive to touch. However, if I have one complaint about the phone, it would be the external speaker. For some reason, it just is not loud enough on maximum, and the sound seems to come out of the rear speaker more than the front (this can be annoying when you are trying to watch a YouTube video, for example). Another downside of this speaker issue is that you may not hear the phone ring or make a notification sound if you have it on your bed or some other surface where the back speaker could be muffled. I guess you could solve this by putting the phone face down. However, phone call quality/loudness is excellent - I only have an issue with external volume.I would also recommend using the Handcent SMS app for text messaging rather than the stock text messaging app that comes with this phone; the stock one has the propensity for removing the names of the people you are texting, so you would only see their phone number and you might lose track of who you are actually texting with. That's pretty annoying, and Handcent does not do that (plus it looks a lot better - very reminiscent of the iPhone's text messaging format). You can download this for free from the Android Market on your phone.And one note about the video camera - I have seen several video recording tests from this phone on YouTube where the sound quality is absolute crap. But I can assure you that when I tested out the video recording on mine, the sound quality was actually good and normal. Overall I am enjoying this phone a lot - it is definitely not a small device to hold, and it might seem a bit heavy at first, but you get used to these things because it is a really high-quality device. That's why, despite my complaint about the speaker, I give it 5 stars (though I did give it 4 and a half if it were allowed - I really do not understand why this phone could not have had a better external speaker).