First of all, do not be fooled by the Customer uploaded images showing a brand spanking new Inspire 4G in an AT&T box. Both of the phones which were shipped to me were shipped in tattered boxes and you could tell they had been sitting in filthy conditions. They both were in AT&T boxes, but they each had problems. The fancy looking paperwork that is one of the images is non-existent. You get the HTC Inspire, Lithium Ion Battery, AC Charger, Micro-USB sync cable and a Quickstart Guide. No 8GB MicroSD card even though the boxes list them as part of the contents. NEW? Not possible if they do not come with an SD Card. I uploaded my own customer photos to go along with this review. Please click on the Customer Uploaded photos to view my pictures.The first seller I will review is iCellPhones. This order was fulfilled by Amazon, which is the only way I would ever purchase an item that reaches the $200 mark. The phone was shipped and came in on time. When I received the box, I immediately noticed that it did not look shiny like the photos that were uploaded by sayed mohammed. The box was dull, and was taped haphazardly. On the outside of the box was a listing of the package contents. As I opened the box, I noticed everything there except the 8GB MicroSD card. Every item was sealed in the package and I began to get everything in order so that my son could receive a fully charged and operation phone on Christmas Day. I noticed immediately that the micro USB sync cable was a generic one, and although it worked, I was a bit perturbed that I paid a 'NEW' phone price and received generic and missing contents. (See customer uploaded photos for proof) Unfortunately, the phone never worked properly. I could not get a signal anywhere in my house, 9 times out of 10 I would dial a number and it would immediately hang up. I began browsing forums and found that some Inspires had terrible reception and the only way to fix it was to solder wires, or dial *#*#4636#*#* and change from WCDMA preferred to GSM only or blah blah. I also noticed that the SIM cover doubled as an antenna and the 'gold' contacts for the antenna actually looked as though they had peeled completely off. (I uploaded photos for proof of this as well) Instead of trying to void the phone, and by the time I fully tested it, it was too late and I had to order another phone on Amazon on December 24th for next day delivery. Unfortunately, I could not just exchange the phone because Amazon fulfilled the order, but it was sold through iCellPhones...there was no option, so I had to fork out another $229 for another phone before receiving the refund on this phone.The second seller I will review is BytesofDeals. Again, Amazon came through flawlessly. I have never had an issue with their fulfillment and although this phone was sold by BytesofDeals, it was fulfilled by Amazon...PEACE OF MIND!. The phone would arrive on December 26th. The box for this phone was in much better shape. I thought I had a winner, but my hopes were soon dashed when I opened the box and found again... no 8GB MicroSD card and this time... the battery was in worse than used shape, it was completely abused. (See customer images for proof) Luckily I still had the battery from the previous seller and had not sent the other phone back and I was able to take comparative photos for this review. Unfortunately for my son, this phone had the same issues as the last one. Super Low to non-existent reception. I am comparing this phone's reception to a Samsung Galaxy SIII, an iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 and a Motorola Bravo (his old phone). All of these phones are owned by us on the same AT&T phone plan. They can all make calls that this HTC Inspire 4G fails on every time. Just google Inspire 4G reception problems and you will see what I am talking about. I ended up taking this second phone to AT&T and having them set me up again with a new SIM card. It was of no help. Same issues. I gave up and am returning both phones as I type this.As a side note, I can not prove it, but it appears to me that these phones are refurbished. When comparing the two phones side by side, I noticed that one of the phones has a void sticker over one screw underneath the side cover. Both of the other exposed screws are silver. On the other phone, there are no 'void' stickers on any of the screws and the sticker that has the IMEI number appears to have been removed at one time. There is one black screw and 2 silver screws. These appear to be amateur refurb jobs.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone. Even with Amazon fulfilling the orders, you'll still be out money. I am so thankful that Amazon will refund the money but I have to drive to UPS, ship these back with the pre-printed shipping labels and then wait for them to receive them. They say after 2 days they will refund the money.