Item listed as New and sold by Jet Set Market and fulfilled by Amazon. Item arrived in an AT&T box as expected. However, the phone itself is far from new. I am dissapointed that Amazon just chooses to do business with anyone. I choose this particular seller though the order was fulfilled by Amazon thinking that if anything it must be a good seller if Amazon fulfills their orders. There is a sticker on the outside of the AT&T box that lists IMEI number, serial number etc. I noticed right out of the box that the phone had visual damage to the front speaker part that is at the very top part of the phone. It it bent. Next I turned the phone over and saw that the 'label-cover' that is screwed on to the inside of the phone (the labels containing the IMEI number, serial number etc where you insert your battery) was coming undone. Up close you can clearly see that the cover has been tamered with and see that the inside screws have been unscrewed before. Now granted, the phone is unlocked so I am fully aware that the seller had to insert a battery, power the phone up in order to unlock the phone, but there is no need to remove the INTERNAL battery cover, that is the battery cover on the inside of the phone not the outside battery lid/cover, unless someone replaced a part on the inside of the phone. As per another buyer's review who had contacted HTC for a warranty issue and then discovered that his phone had an IMEI number that had already been registed, I called HTC to check on the phone I had infront of me when I noticed that the phone I orderd has a serial number on the inside of the phone that is different than the one listed on the box. The box label and the phone label have the same IMEI number but the serial numbers are different. The HTC rep told me that this can be due to the fact that the  amotherboard' of the phone could have been replaced. In such cases, they use the same IMEI number but serial number can change. In anycase, not only is the phone visible damaged on the front speaker, but also tampered with in the inside as well as serial numbers not matching. I contacted Amazon who issued a refund immediately and send me a prepaid return label. Needless to say, they offered to send me a new phone however just a few days after ordering my phone which was sold by Jet Set Markets (also listed as Samina Ladha) today Amazon is fulfulling the order sold by Ross Cellular. Ross Cellular was the seller who sold the phone with an already registered IMEI number to the other buyer I read a review by. I decided to take my refund and shop elsewhere. I am dissapointed in the sellers Amazon chooses to do business with but thankful that they refunded me promptly.Update: 11/15/12 . . . I kept my eyes on this listing and I noticed in the span of only a couple of days Amazon changes their sellers that they fulfill their orders from.  Their computer system must randomly pick sellers they have an agreement with.  Exact same phone and listing but new sellers every other day.  Having said that, my experience is based on the seller Jet Set Markets (also comes up under name Samina Ladha).  As a buyer who reads a negative review/experience look for the name of the seller, if listed in the review, as this will make a big difference in your buying experience.  There are plenty of reviews on this site from happy customers.  I just wish they would have listed who they actually bought from.  I based my own buying decision on the positive reviews thinking it was the same seller as listed in the advertisement only to discover they change every so often.  My advise, read through the reivews especially the negative ones and see if a seller's name is listed and stay clear from that particular seller.  If another seller is listed under the phone you are buying that day, then make your decisions accordingly.  Good Luck!If Amazon approves, I uploaded two photograph of the phone to go with my reivew.  Look under 'customer pictures' above.