I have had this phone for 5 months, and it is by far the best phone I have ever had. I have owned a very many phones over a period of 17 years. Not only did I fall in love with android, but I fell in love with HTC. I was a little leary about getting a phone I knew nothing about, but I trusted my at&t sales rep and bought it. I have had almost no problems with it. I have way to many pictures and text messages on it and it causes it to freeze up sometimes but not much(which can be expected with so much space taken up). I usually just restart it and it is fine. Every so often I go through and delete things to give it a little bit of a break lol. I have never loved a phone as much as I love this one. I have dropped it on my ceramic tile in my kitchen and bathroom and it did not even have so much as a scratch on it. I also dropped it on my concrete steps in my garage and again nothing happened to it. I have to say if you are going to get a smart phone (or any phone for that matter) this is the one to get. It has an 8MP camera which is awesome and the color is so vibrant I can hardly stand looking or using anyone else's phone. I have to say this phone has me spoiled. When it comes time to upgrade I will get another HTC phone. Also if you lose your phone you can download an app called android lost from your computer to your phone. It will send you the last messages sent and received, phone calls, take a picture from your phone, send crazy loud 'help me I am lost' messages (the phone can be on silent and it still plays it loud), you can set the phone to lock up and notify you if a different sim card is inserted, and many more great things to find your phone. On top of all those things it gives you a gps location within 7 meters of where your phone is. Trust me it works. My phone was stolen and I used this app and it had an arrow directly on the house where the phone was. All of this is emailed to you and the person with your phone has no idea any of this is going on. Awesome phone I highly recommend it to everyone!!! If I could give it 20 stars I would.