When I received this Blackberry Torch 9800 I loved this product.  It is a big improvement over traditional blackberry's since it incorporates many of the iphone features such as touch screen, picture sliding and so on, while retaining the best features of the blackberry: the physical keyboard and the trackball. It's the best of both worlds.  The screen is larger than a traditional blackberry and the design is modern and functional.  The pictures taken with it is camera are quite good.  It was easy to set it up since it is basically done in the same way as other traditional blackberry's. The only feature I missed is 4G capabilities, but I had read horrible reviews on the 9810 model (which features 4G), the most common complaints being that it freezes all the time and the battery lasts very little time (sometimes only 5 hours).  So, I did not regret getting this 9800 model, which enjoyed far better reviews.  I bought an international unlocked version and I inserted a foreign SIM card and used it on wifi mode only while travelling abroad to avoid roaming charges.  However, the moment I returned to the U.S. and inserted an AT&T card and activated a data plan from them, the wifi radio was immediately blocked and never worked again.  Even though it would connect to my home network and other hotspots, it would not let me browse nor download email via wifi.  Consistently a 'cannot connect message' would come up.  It drove me crazy.  I spent two days trying to fix the problem and blogged for two days on the blackberry forum, but it was impossible to come up with a solution.  From my research, I learned that many Torch 9800 owners were experiencing exactly the same problem: wifi would not work.  I even called AT&T and went to one of their stores to see if they could help me, and they were absolutely useless.  My frustation reached a point were I decided to return the product to my vendor, since I was still within the 30 day return window.  I got a full refund for it. End of story.