I love Blackberry.  I have been using RIM's BlackBerry products since they came on the market.  The Torch 9800, bought 1 year and 7 days ago was my second Smartphone made by BlackBerry.  I bought it in Upstate New York while visiting family. When I got home to DC, 6 days later, it had died.  Was given a new one and out I went.  Then, about 3 months later the one I got here died, really died. Now, I was in Warranty Territory.  So, I waited and got my third Torch 9800, with AT&T refusing to give me the fix - the incredible 9810, which came out fast due to the errors, physical and in software of the Torch 9800 (I have a recording of a BlackBerry tech telling me that the 9800 was 'embarrassing,' and they (the techs) wished AT&T would cut a deal or do something to get the 9810 in our hands - yes, all recorded, legally)In came my next phone, it worked for 1 hour and died. I spent 22 hours over the next three days with AT&T techs (very good) and BlackBerry techs (very good).  Finally, on day 4 of having it, we were happy. When it worked it was incredible.  The integration, everything, amazing.However, a few months down the road this third phone died again.  After 18 hours we determined it was a hardware issue.  I was offered my FOURTH Torch 9800, still under warranty.  Okay, no choice.  It came, it worked for 24 days and died.  We spent over a week, off and on and finally it worked.  I got it into pristine condition.  Number FOUR was the charm.Then, March 12, 2012 came around. It was the last day of my warranty coverage.  Maybe I was safe and would not get anymore refurbished phones.  No, about 11 a.m. on that nice day, the phone started rebooting itself over and over.  It was just sitting on a table and off it went.  Having been through that issue, I did everything they would ask be to do.I ended up calling AT&T and they had me do everything again, which is very little since it never actually fully powered up, thus, my computer and the desktop program could not see the phone.  Yes, on the last day of my Warranty Coverage Torch 9800 number 4 bit the dust.Hey, I was lucky, I could still get a refurbished Torch 9800.  Then, in August, when my two year commitment was up I could upgrade to the 9810 or whatever I wanted.  It would only be $99, plus the upgrade fee of $39, and a few other things.All I had to do was to wait, get my refurbished Torch 9800, take a week to reload all of the programs, the options, and so on.  And, it only had to last THREE times as long as any single 9800 had lasted to date.I said no.  They (AT&T) said, 'Sorry.'  (yes, this is recorded, legally, plus, all of the chats have been saved.)  Finally, they made a deal.  I was lucky. They were going to let up get my upgrade that DAY.  WOW, how lucky.  I could pay $99, plus the $39 and other charges to get a phone that would work, I hoped for more then a few weeks at at time.I asked if there was a way they could credit the $99, after all, I had been without a phone or setting up phones for just over a total of 10 to 12 weeks.  They felt so bad for me, but, NO WAY.  can not be done.  No way in the system to do such a crazy thing.After another 10 minutes, the nice guy I was speaking with - and, he was a very nice man - honestly.  He was a cog.  His manager said that I could get the Torch 9810 for about a reduction of $40.  Now, not only was I losing the phone, I would have 23 apps that would NOT work on the 9810.  It would be one thing if I had actually gotten to use them a few times, but, some were barely touched for I never had a phone work long enough to use them.  Also, one of the program that came with the 9800 had not shown up on the last phone and I had been charged for it again.  I need to work that out, plus, I think I am due a refund for the apps that do not work.  If the 9800 worked I would not have needed to get a phone that did not support many of the apps.I love my BlackBerry Torch 9810, though, I am actually nervous when I pick it up, will it work?The people I spoke with, from both companies were very professional and quite nice. Unfortunately, a 10 year customer to AT&T is not a big deal (I know what churn costs).Everything I have said about is the truth.  I have records of it all.  I could be off on the exact month or day that one of the phones died.  I might be off by a few $$s on the new phone costs - unlikely.RUN from this mess.  I beg of you, get a 9810 or another BlackBerry - Stick to BlackBerry, for when they work they are in a totally different class of product then any other Smartphone I have tried.  I am sure some people got some of the good phones, but, not me.Know this, when any BlackBerry product is up and running, you are in a different world as to what you can accomplish.  The phones are so tightly integrated to so many of the apps and more.  There is almost no app that you may be in from which you can do a totally different task.BlackBerry, I do not think, makes Smartphones.  These are something else, a major step up, but, in the ways that make a difference.  If you are buying for just name, you know what to buy, but, if you want to be impressed every day, if you want a product that just does not fit the term Smartphone, go with the best.  I am a desktop computer lover, though, I have four laptops and notebooks, plus three other work stations.The odd thing: so far with the Torch 9810, I have found that I barely touch my desktop, including the two 24' HD screen computer I usually use.  All of this was on the Torch 9810.That's it from me.  All the best to everyone.  NOTE: When speaking to any of the customer service and tech folks, please treat them with respect.  They work hard, are under a lot of stress.  I always ask them to please try to let whatever we just went through, to leave them as they leave work.  No need for anyone to take home that kind of stress.  Priorities.