I use this phone because my work sanctions only BB's for email, so I have no other choice for a smart phone.  This is my third BB, had the Curve and the previous torch that has the slide out keyboard (the fatter, wider, thicker Torch...do not know the model# offhand).  I upgraded from the slider because the IT guy told me it was the latest 4G model, and should be better and faster.  Besides the Curve, both the slider and this one experience the same issues:  they hesitate, lock up and basically freeze on a weekly basis forcing you to pull the battery and re-boot.  This procedure takes about 4-5 min's.  Some weeks it works fine, but just when you need it to work quick it will just slow down and basically stop.  Most frustrating is using the Weather Channel app that comes pre-installed.  OMG, it takes Forever to load.  My wife's iPhone 3GS is lightening fast loading this app.  Also, the apps from Blackberry suck.  Sorry, but they are cheap knockoff's of the popular apps you hear about.  The apps have stupid names like 'Throw Crazy Things' or something like that.  And most if not all cost something.  On the positive side, when the camera does feel like working, it does take really nice pictures, and the video camera is also very good.  Both have a tendency to freeze-up though.  The flash works well, but not on skin tones which turn out with a blue tint.  I use the camera frequently for taking images of parts (for work) and it works fine for that application.  I can run out in the plant, take a pic, and email it to myself before I get back to my office.  Another positive is that the email works well about 85% of the time.  It also freezes when you try to scroll down your inbox list, but its probably the best function for this phone.  It has a really nice screen too, larger than the iPhone, but in my opinion not as nice as my iPod Touch (4th Gen) Retna screen.  So, if you are forced into using one of these like I am, then you deal with the hesitation, and having to pull out the battery every week or two.  If you have the option....get an iPhone!