I opted to upgrade to a stronger device during the AT&T transition this Spring so this is my first experience with a, smart phone.  Mistakes were made.Over the last few months, instead of peevishly spitting curse words every time I have had a problem, I have instead swallowed the angst and am storing it in my body until I build a superhuman charge.  Once reached, I'll then maintain a subcritical status until my contract expires.  When that day comes I'll say goodbye to friends and loved ones, pet my dog one last time, grab this phone, and drive down to my local AT&T store.  I'll wait patiently in line for approximately two to four hours and listen for my name.  I'll then stand up, raise the Blackberry Torch to my mouth, and yell an alien curse word so vile and contaminated that the resulting ten-mile crater will be approachable by neither man nor machine for the remainder of Earth's life.Yes, I am exaggerating, but the Torch doth burn me daily and I am sick of it.I have developed a disdain for the touchscreen that is palpable.  It freezes frequently throughout the day requiring numerous battery removal/restarts, which got old immediately.  I brought this up to an employee at AT&T and he confirmed my technique.  'Yeah,' he grunted, trying to wedge his fingernails behind the defiant battery cover.  'You have to yank the batteries out of these things daily or they'll lock up on you.'  He popped the battery out, one Mississippi, pushed it back in, and then we both stared absently out the window at a drunken homeless woman attempting to navigate the treacherous, smooth-stoned landscaping surrounding the store's perimeter while the Torch's load-screen bar struggled against some demons of its own.And this is not uncommon.  As the problem persists, I find myself seeking comfort in numbers.  When I see someone with a Torch, I typically ask them for a performance review and the freeze issue has proven a universal one.  I have no idea why this makes me feel better but it does, so I keep asking.  Earlier this week I was invited to a neighbor's house and his mother was there.  She was ranting maniacally about the threat of terrorism and hit a crescendo that included semi trucks, rocket launchers, and our local oil refineries when said neighbor's Blackberry, which I had not yet noticed, started vibrating on the coffee table.  Without thinking, I rudely cut her off to ask him what he thought of his phone.  I had front-row seats to a rapidly escalating, frothing paranoia wherein the woman actually pantomimed holding a rocket launcher and I killed it all dead.  The audacity of the social severing was astonishing and made me realize how deeply wounded I really am.I am also flipping out every time I accidentally hit, 'MUTE', or, 'HOLD' with my cheek meat.  This too happens often and it is infuriating.  I'll be talking to someone and then suddenly that someone is gone.  By the time I get the screen back on and sort out which icon I have activated, the person I was speaking with will have already hung up and moved on to a more rewarding conversation elsewhere.I understand that you'll come across these problems with touchscreen phones, but why not have a screen lock that automatically initiates when the phone is answered?  Or one that can be activated by the user if needed?  If the Torch houses something similar that I have not yet discovered, I'll beg a thousand pardons, but for now I am working under the assumption that this is not traversed outside of making a conscious/sub-conscious effort to hold the phone at a preventative angle away from what I have come to know as a villainous facial structure.I have also had some problems with the unit displaying a small, 'you'll wait' clock while it sporadically processes data of unknown origins.  This is crippling to the performance of the phone, rendering it entirely useless until the activity is complete.  Again, this happens randomly and seemingly without provocation.  So, if you need to make a phone call and Wee Clock is busy, 'you'll wait'.Lastly, the on-board camera is just weak.  Last weekend, a friend of mine was showing me shots he did taken on his Android and I was instantly enamored with the results.  So much so that I wanted to punch his head, steal the phone, and drop my flaccid chunk of failing technology on the pavement next to him before snapping a Pulitzer-winning depth of field photo of the rapidly cooling crime scene.  Torch photos are bland.I know this stuff sounds petty, and it is, but if I am going to spend this much money on a phone that claims substantial leaps in its field, then I expect it to function at the elevated level advertised.  But it just does not do that.  There are some fun apps and a few groovy extras but this is not enough to quell the scathing grudge I am developing for this cellular telephone.And, to add insult to injury, my wife rejected the upgrade and went with a stock phone that works beautifully.  There have been times when I have needed to make a phone call and jabbed violently at my Torch's screen before finally giving up the ghost and borrowing hers.I have been duped.  I have been a fool.- tAddendum.  30 October, 2011:Now the phone is blinking in and out of screen lock during normal text operations.  It's exasperating.  I have tried to pin down which letter is doing this, but the prognosis is worse than I could have expected.  It seems the phone has suffered a stroke and now the whole right side of its qwerty board has been rendered useless, albeit randomly so.  Immediately after removing/replacing the battery it works beautifully, but rapidly degenerates into a grossly negligent pile of inoperable plastic that cries quietly in the corner.  I want to punch it with nine cinder blocks while dancing viciously.- tAddendum.  13 December, 2011:Desperate now.  I went through and deleted every app not being used on a daily basis and there were not many.  This in the hopes that the wee machine would feel less encumbered during its stay with me.  Had there been no contract melding us in some tragic, embryonic embrace, I did have driven the phone to a quiet field outside of town and thrown it at my own face until it exploded.This, unfortunately, is not the case and now I am having to remove the battery anywhere from five to ten times a day just to make a phone call or send a text message.  And please, please let me reiterate to you that I am not alone, here.The Blackberry is made by the clumsier demons of Hades and these demons are made fun of constantly.- t