I do not typically write product reviews.  I am a fairly passive consumer and do not normally feel too passionately about products one way or another.  But this phone has caused me so much pain and heartache that I have been inspired to share my long list of grievances with the world.First, the good.  I begrudgingly had to give this phone two stars, because yes, it is cool that it is a blackberry with a touch screen and still has a full keyboard, and that's worth a star.  That's pretty much where the good stops.  Let the rant begin.First, the touch screen is crap.  Honestly, you poke one part of the screen, and it will act like you poked a part of the screen an inch away.  This makes the touch screen incredibly frustrating to use and cripples the utility of having a touch screen by at least 60%.  You will never use the on-screen keyboard, even if you try, because you can not possibly type a word correctly.Second of all, this phone is incredibly buggy.  Frequent freezes and crashes?  You bet. Dropped calls?  Of course!  Short term memory loss?  You'll get that.  Deletion of call history beyond an extremely short period of time?  100% included.  Notifications whenever any one of your 500 friends does anything on facebook?  Oooh yeah!  And beware, if you try to delete the social feeds app like a normal sane person, it just deletes the icon so you have no way of deactivating the facebook feed without getting a new phone.But that's just the beginning.  The worst, and I mean of all this crap I have had to put up with, the single worst aspect of the phone is the screen lock button.  It's at the very top of the phone, and is extremely sensitive to any physical contact, including the drop of a piece of pocket lint.  So warn your friends beforehand if you get this phone, because you will be pocket dialing them about 5 times a day.  And warn your accountant too, because if you travel abroad you will incur at least an extra $100 a day in pocket dialing charges.  Carlos Slim will be very pleased.I am an ardent freedom-preaching capitalist, and I believe it is rare that a company puts out a product that actually destroys utility for its customers.  But you can file this one away with mortgage-backed securities: Blackberry, your Torch has successfully made me, and thousands of others, poorer, less happy people.