I am a phone junky! It's taken me about 20 different phones to realize I have a problem! While most girls want shoes I am always wanted the latest greatest new phone. I would consider myself an expert in the world of smartphones. My last nine phones have been (in order) Motorola Q, Iphone 3g, Iphone 3gs, Palm pre plus,HTC, Motorola Droid, Motorola Droid X, Blackberry Torch, and finnally iphone 4 (my current and favorite phone which I am sticking with).I am writing a review on the new Blackberry Torch because I think it gets to much credit in the smartphone world. When I first got it I was enamored with the slide out keyboard and the slick robust feel of the phone. I noticed right away that it was sluggish and most screens lagged. I still pushed onwards with the Torch I had owned a blackberry pearl a at one time and was impressed by blackberrys battery life and the quailty of product. True to blackberry the Torch has great battery life and even with moderate to heavy usage I could go all day! in comparison with all the other phones I had owned (even the apple phones 3g and 3gs) the blackberry Torch is very good on battery given the screen size and the wide range of features.Three months into owning this device things started going downhill. I would think it was only my phone that was defective but my boyfriends had the same problems and I purchased them at the same time. The screen started freezing, getting caught in landscape mode, half the screen turned white, more and more problems kept coming up! To top it all off with a few programs installed the Torch got extremely slow, it lagged on every screen to the point I avoided using it too look things up because it was too frustrating. Everyday my boyfriend and I were taking off the backs of the phones to reboot them and it really became a pain.On the plus side the Torch was great for security reasons not that I have anything that needs to be secure! And the slide out keyboard is awesome and easy to type on! The on screen keyboard is a joke and unusable, but the touch screen works well for browsing the web and clicking on links.I do not dislike the Blackberry Torch I just do not believe its a phone that allowed me to get the most out of my data package and I do not feel like it was the most reliable phone. As far as blackberrys go the web browsing experience is better than previous Blackberrys but the sluggish phone will not allow you to enjoy the new browser. The phone looks great is very durable, sounds great when its not frozen and you can place a call, and is overall a good option for those who need the security of Blackberry. I still reccoment Android and Apple over Blackberry.