What can I say? WOW. This is my first Blackberry, and first touch screen smartphone. I am a former Nokia man coming from the E61i. I did months of research, I looked at the HTC HD2 and 7 Samsung Omnia 7 and  many others comparing features likes and dislikes. I believe you should KNOW WHAT YOU NEED in a smartphone before you buy, there is no one PERFECT phone on the market plus nothing beats going to a local store and see and touch or even demo the item.  If you have access to a pc I highly recommend, FIRST that you download the Blackberry Desktop Software and connect the TORCH to get the need updates for the CORE SOFTWARE and APPS before putting your stuff on it. Yes it is a phone, but it is also half pc and must be treated so as to get the BEST PERFORMANCE from it.  Blackberry is the KING for business and messengering!!! The TORCH handles them beautifully and with ease. I find that I lean more on the hard keys to type long messages, but I am trying to get use to screen typing. The screen is great for watching videos and reading text(ebooks), but I think it could have been a little bigger. There is room. Althought, I updated the software when multitasking heavily you can see the HOUR GLASS popping up. I believe that can be corrected with a faster CPU and more MEMORY, plus I found some helpful tips and tricks on Youtube that I used to BOOST and OPTIMIZE the PERFORMANCE of the TORCH and can work on most Blackberry phones.  The battery life is also outstanding. I can go all day on one charge, but as your know depending on what you mostly use it for can shorten the life of the battery. The TORCH is my personal phone, but I have a company phone as well to travel with and do my job, so I can not give a fair accessment of the battery life.  I have taken some photos and videos with the camera(5MP) and they would PASS:-), well it is a camera phone so you can still get a decent photo to email right away if needed, or capture a special moment as it happens.  The APPLE IPHONE has maybe a million plus apps, but I only need two or three on my TORCH to get to get the information that I may need (sports scores, weather, etc.)  I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Blackberry TORCH and you will LOVE it:-) I read in a leak somewhere that the TORCH 2 is coming later this year and I am looking forward to it.