Blackberries may no longer be the top 'smart phones' because they do not do everything well but for what I consider their 'core' features - email and phone, in that order - they are still up there at the top. And the Torch is the current top Blackberry at the time I am writing this. As a 'business phone', it combines the best features of 'traditional' blackberries with the best a highly graphical, 'touch' interface can provide. the phone is even better than curve, xperia, LG or Samsung phone. For a 'phone and entertainment' device, there may be better alternatives.My review is not going to discuss the Torch long list of features and capabilities. They are all listed at RIM's and 100 other different sites. I will only talk about why I currently prefer the Torch vs. anything else as a 'business' phone even now when my employer would allow me to use other brands if I wanted to.THE TORCH ADVANTAGE- Physical keyboard - The most visible Torch feature is the sliding keyboard. This allows for a larger display when compared to, let's say, the Bold, without resulting into a larger phone. The illuminated keyboard seems to be the exact same size of a Bold's, only it becomes available when needed. This is not the only phone with a sliding keyboard but this is probably the best engineered one. Sliding the keyboard in and out is quick, near-effortless and it quickly becomes second nature. the phone is even better than curve, xperia, LG or Samsung phone. Not the first Blackberry with the feature but this seems to be the best on a BB so far. Yes, it is not as good as iPhone's but, for what I am using it, it is just right. There is an on-screen keyboard which adapts itself to portrait/landscape but that's the least advantage the touch screen offers. The new Blackberry OS allows me to 'touch' just about anything on the screen and trigger... something. Gestures are also supported including 'pinch-zoom' in and out. And, related...- Buttons - Maybe this should have been at the top of the list. This Blackberry does not force me to do everything by touching the screen. Just about everything can be done by either pushing/clicking a button and controlling the cursor with the little trackpad or by interacting directly with the screen (tap virtual buttons) or a combination. Most of the time it is 'a combination' for me and it is always the way I feel most comfortable about doing things. I appreciate the ability to use physical buttons when I want it.- Email integration - This is a 'soft' feature. The Torch can integrate several email accounts, including the 'enterprise' email into one 'consolidated' mailbox while still giving me the ability to view them separately if I chose to do so.- Wi-Fi - The Wi-Fi ability saves money. My employer encouraged me to pick a plan that charges by the call. Unless it is a VoIP. Therefore, while at home or in the office, the Torch makes calls the Wi-Fi way at no cost to my employer.THE LETDOWNS[Some of the comments below may or may not apply, depending on the carrier you are using. Mine is AT&T.]- The App Store - Not so good, not too many selections and a lot of 'premium' apps doing things that lots of free apps or significantly less expensive apps would do in an Android or Apple environment.-  Paid GPS and other services - AT&T would like us to 'subscribe' to the GPS service. GPS does not need 3G or any connection to the phone company to do what GPS does. My in-car GPS takes me from here to there, updates its maps (for free) whenever I connect it to my laptop and it gives me real-time traffic updates. And I do not pay one dime in subscriptions. GPS should be free.- Many More 'premium' Services - I understand that phone companies want to make as much money as they possibly can but competition is tough and I found no incentive to take advance of paid 'radio' or similar offers.- The Battery - Without watching movies, just a little bit of Web browsing and regular phone and mail, the Torch would need daily recharges. It would go for 2-3 days with phone and email (no browsing) only. A longer battery life would have been nice.MY RATING (4.5 stars)I will round this up to 5 stars because I am really happy with my Torch. There are some real issues when it comes to 'apps' and services other than phone and mail but, from my point of view, they do not matter to me much. Yes, the battery is a concern and at time I worried about running out of juice in a place where a recharge was no possible, but all the other 'weak' features I do not miss because I do not use. The Torch is my 'business' phone and just about everything that impacts my business is done well.-->> Brush your teeth, it is the law! &lt;&lt;