I was the happy owner of the precent model called TZ8 in Europe (while this one would be the TZ18) but I had to replace it because dust had collected inside the lenses and black dots where appearing on every pictures. So far I found everything I liked from the precious version plus a few more useless stuff and a more durable battery.The good point is that its autonomy is VERY long. In Yellowstone National Park, I probably took a good 700-800 pictures before it died off, which is remarkable (also, the batteries from the previous model are compatible). It's also very easy to use and quite faster than the previous generation. It does quite a good job both as a point and shoot and as a SLR-like with its manual mode, like extended expositions and a tripod (I took some awesome pictures of lightning bolts very easily with it).On the other side, I also see a few small things I do not like about this model. First, the iA mode (fully automatic) is often really off balance, and by that I mean that it does not convey something that looks natural. Often, everything is too bright or too dark and the colors are either de-saturated of too contrasted. Either way, it is not very handy to use because you often have to try multiple shots at different variations of contrast to get the best picture or aim for the sky and lower your aim while maintaining the focus to get more crisp colors. It still does a decent job, but I kinda prefer to use it in full manual mode to get what I need.Second, pictures are more often blurry or poorly sharpened using this model than the previous one. I often get some bad artefacts and post-processing glitches... nothing that can not be eased out by resizing the picture down and sharpening it a bit, but it still bothers me a bit.Finally, what REALLY bothers me about this camera is the same as with its predecessor: the lenses/objective/zoom is NOT SEALED or AIR TIGHT at all! Which means that dust can and will easily collect inside the lenses and make all your future pictures bad. After one week of extensive (more than 5000 pictures) but careful use (putting it back in its little bag after every use) in a dusty environment (desert of Arizona and Utah), dust had already collected in the lenses. This is very unfortunate and can happen after one single mistake. Mine was to let it turned on a few minutes while hiking (which means with the lenses exposed). I usually ALWAYS and CONSTANTLY turn it off after I take a picture to avoid this situation, but I forgot once and got bitten immediately.So yes, all in all a very good camera, but it had its flaws, as minor as they might be.