A Better Panasonic Lumix Digital Camera !The Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS8 is a very good camera. The new camera has great new features.This new features can help you take better pictures! This year new features are fantastic. The DMC-z58 is packed with new features.The new model DMC-ZS8 features a powerful 16x optical zoom lens.This lens has been redesigned. The new high-quality LEICA DC VARIO-ELMAR lens system is even more versatile with 24mm ultra wide-angle* to powerful 16x optical zoom.The new and Powerful 16x Optical Zoom. This optical zooom gives you highly natural expressions from people and animals that you can not get close to. The camera can be used to film movies.It is designed to suppress noise while zooming.The camera features a 3.0-inch, 230,000-dot High-resolution LCD.The DMC-ZS8 is equipped with a 3.0-inch LCD . The big screen reflects fine details, making it easy to check the focus before shooting. It also serves as a photo and video viewer, allowing you and friends to enjoy viewing the still and motion images together.The high-performance Venus Engine VI is incorporated in the DMC-ZS8.  it enables the recording of beautiful images. An advanced noise reduction system in the Venus Engine VI applies noise reduction . Beautiful images with minimal noise can be reproduced for beautiful night shots or dimly lit indoor shots.AF Tracking Subject Detection. Once you focus on your subject, the AF Tracking automatically tracks it until you press the shutter. When you are taking images of an active subject, like children or pets, this function eliminates the need to press the shutter button halfway down repeatedly to readjust the focus. The AF Tracking makes sure you do not miss those once-in-a-lifetime shooting opportunitieThis camera is portable. The camera Product Dimensions are 1.3 x 4.1 x 2.3 inches . You can travel with this camera. It is a very light camera. It only weights 7.4 ounces.The Lumix ZS8 digital camera comes with many items.It has Battery Charger and Battery Pack. It comes with AV Cable, USB Cable. It comes with a  Hand Strap. It includes a  CD-ROM . Everything you need is included. You will not be disappointed !