Purchase date: July 2011.I have two children overseas at the moment, my daughter working in Paris and my son is visiting her. She had asked him to bring over her 35MM digital camera, zoom lens, etc., and meanwhile I had been extolling to him the virtues of traveling extra-light.  I purchased this as a gift for their travels. I hoped to find a camera that did not force one to go through screens to change settings-not my idea of a good camera design.  Interface excellent. It's intuitive, there's a revolving knob on the top a la old 35MM cameras with various settings, and it takes very clear pictures. It simultaneously displays the action on the screen, so each icon on the knob becomes foolproof to navigate. If the camera user is not one for reading instructions, it takes amazing pictures out of the box.  My son, who has expressed little interest in photography, and therefore never read the manual intended for his sister, is raving about photos he's taken on his own while she is working, and comments that great photos of (massive) buildings of interest in old cities, cathedrals, etc. are possible without having to back up like the others around him. As she would typically be taking pictures, this endorsement from my son indicates the camera is exactly what I had hoped it would be.  Point and shoot, with a wide-angle lens and large optical zoom.  People new to taking pictures will love this camera. All the fussing we used to do to get a great shot the first time, can happen without intervention.Some camera and camera line develops a reputation for 'tending to blue' or slow time-between-pictures. or something else.  I only used this model a week before it was put into the suitcase, but based on my brief experience, followed by the breathtaking pictures sent from Paris, my vote on this camera is a resounding 'Excellent'. It also has very quick recovery time from either standard or burst shooting.  I recommend the Sandisk 16GB memory card for it.  IF you have been agonizing over 'which camera' after going through all the comments, and need to make a decision, this is a good one.  For a better detailed review, read Captain Zoom's excellent and accurate detailed review. I also agree with Captain or whoever commented that the GPS function was not worth the potential battery drain.We got this camera without that feature.  My daughter has now had a chance to use it, and has a similar positive experience with this camera.  Best wishes.