Let me start by saying..I am not a professional photographer....just a Mom looking for a good camera to take great pics of my babies! I did sooooo much research before deciding on this camera. I am very happy with my purchase!  The zoom is wonderful!  With my old camera, everything was blurry when using the digital zoom but I have been so pleased at how good the pics are even using digital zoom with the zs8.The pictures are great! Outdoor and lit indoor pics are wonderful! As most know, There are NO point and shoot cameras that are great in low light. My old camera would hardly ever focus in low light...I have not had that happen once with the zs8. So far I have been able to take every indoor/low light pic. Now some have turned out better than others, which is expected in low light. Most have been very good by my standards. The intelligent mode is great! All I have to do is point and shoot....it decides what scene mode is best! Love it! I have played around with several of the 'scenes' you can select in Scene Mode...High Burst mode will be great catching my son on the soccer field (note this is different then Burst), pet mode, snow mode, 2 baby modes and many, many more! I think if you have a special circumstance that intelligent mode can not handle, there is a special 'Scene Mode' that will work (no having to try to figure out the manual settings..) Back to 'Burst' setting...this setting take 3 pics right in a row if you hold the button down (High Burst takes multiple pics in a row). When I first got this camera, I turned on Burst. I thought... amight as well have it turned on if I need it'.... It still took normal pics with it on (so I thought). I started to get frustrated when I was taking indoor shots... It did not seem that the Intelligent mode would use the flash (& I thought flash was needed)... So I started to do some research in the manual.... I knew that Burst does not use flash.....what I did not realize is that if you have the Burst setting on it turns the flash off for everything!!!! So...only turn this setting on if you are going to use it right then. If you think your pictures are dark or the flash does not seem to work....check if you have the Burst setting on.... :)Finally.... HD video seems good! I really have not used this a lot but it seems good. Battery life seems really good too. The only thing I am a little bummed about it that the complete instruction manual is on disk. They give you a quick set-up one in paper but it is missing explanation of most of the camera features. I know this is a more green option but I do not want to have to fire up the computer every time I have a question about a feature.....All and all I am really happy with the camera!!!!