The bad:  I have only been using the camera for a month (503 shots so far), and it is got so much dust in the lens and on the sensor that I think I'll try to return it.  I have had lots of cameras over the years, and none has shown this kind of susceptibility to dust.  I keep it in it is own little pouch, zipped in, clean, and protected, so I feel like I have done due diligence in terms of care.  I have seen quite a few other complaints of this nature, too.  UPDATE: after taking a look at the amount of dust on other people's little pocket cameras, this one is VERY disappointing.  My mom has a little Casio zoom that she treats terribly.  The outside is filthy, but the photos are clean.  UPDATE#2: now I have had the camera for four months, and the amount of dust had built up the point where I did not even want to bother using the camera at all.  I was ready to throw it away, seriously.  So I grabbed a screwdriver and figured I did give a shot at taking it apart and cleaning it.  Turns out that's pretty easy, with a quality #000 phillips driver, it only takes about 15 minutes to open the case, remove a cover plate, remove the carrier holding the chip, and gently brush or blow off the dust.  That's good, because I am sure I'll have to do it often.I also really hate the switch you have to flip to go between shooting and playback modes.  My Panasonic TS-1 does not have this, and too often I have grabbed the camera for a quick shot and found it stuck in play mode.The acceptable:  Image quality is fine.  It does not compare to the output from an SLR, but for a tiny little pocket camera with an equally tiny sensor, it does ok.  No pixel peeping at full resolution!  Unless you are shooting in ideal, bright conditions, noise and softness will be very apparent.  The autoexposure, auto-ISO, and other auto functions seem pretty smart.  It's a camera I mostly trust, which is saying a lot for me.The good:  Things like distortion, lens flare, and chromatic aberration are very very well controlled compared to cameras from a few years ago.  It is tiny and light, operates quickly, the video is very nice, and the image stabilization works very well, which is good because it is hard to hold such tiny cameras steady for stills or especially video.  The battery also lasts a good long time; I shot over a hundred photos and a few short videos on my heaviest day of usage, and did not come close to running low on power.