I purchased this camera, in spite of the lukewarm reviews, because the identical camera with the GPS got good reviews, and I did not want the GPS.  I have been satisfied with the camera's performance, after one trip to Costa Rica.  What saved my photographs and kept me from returning the camera was a fellow traveler had a Panasonic and could tell me how to use it.  The instructions included are useless.  He also told me he had seen the ADVANCED FEATURES booklet online and I decided to look for it until I dropped.  I found it FINALLY it here: [...]The camera seems to be very good, and armed with the advanced instructions, I believe one can make the most of the camera's incredible capability.  Without the advanced book??  I do not know.I was very interested in this camera's zoom feature.  I was not able to master it until the person helped me, and what he told me was not in the book.  With his help I was able to take amazing shots of animals in Costa Rica.He also showed me how to decrease the megapixels to save space and improve quality of some shots.  It's a great camera is what I am saying.  The basic booklet that is included really tells you how to turn it on and take routine shots, but not how to avail yourself of the real features of the camera.Without his help, I was going to return the camera as I had already put it away and started using my old Nikon Coolpix 6.0 megapixel with 3x zoom.  That's how frustrated I was.  He opened my eyes to the beauty of the camera.  I do not know why Panasonic makes it so hard to find that darned book.  I could not find a mention of it in any of the material and when I searched online at first, only found the same little useless book included in the box.Good Luck!Update:  I see that Amazon removed the link I inserted with the address for the booklet.  Sorry.  You can find it using keywords and Google.  I must add that the advanced features manual IS available on a CD enclosed with the camera.  The camera arrived just a few days before a big trip, and I had not looked at the CD before my rant about not being able to find the advanced booklet.  I doubt it would not have helped me much and having that person instruct me and give me tips suited my learning style.  :)  I am glad that a fellow traveler had a similar camera.  The camera can do amazing things.  It's just a matter of learning how to wield it is might power.