I purchased this camera in January 2012, for a planned trip to Ireland in April.  The camera exceded my expectations in every respect.  I consider my self an above average camera user with many, many years experience: Brownie Hawkeye, another Kodak (forgot the model, 35 mm Petrie 7S, 35 mm Minolta SRT 101, graduating to Pentax zoom (cannot remember the model), to Olympus digital to Canon PS, now the Panasonic ZS8.  I was somewhat skeptical because my familiarity with the Panasonic brand was with TVs, and other consumer products, not cameras. I chose this camera because of the powerful zoom, and the price.  It was the best of both worlds, in my opinion.Having introduced myself, more or less, I'll start by stating that I am not a real technical afficiando.  The end result is what I am interested in.  You can read well written technical reviews by other contributors on Amazon, and other photography publications.  I did this ad nauseum, only to end up more confused.Bottom line is that for this price, I seriously doubt you will find a better camera.  The Leica lens was definitely a selling point, I admit, as well as the 20x zoom, with 24 mm wide angle Leica lens.  Now as to using this little technological gem:  The camera has so many 'scene' modes that it will dazzle you (and distract you) when trying them out.  It even has a 'pet' mode, a 'baby' mode and a 'through and airplane window' mode that was really on the trip to/from the Emerald Isle, and an 'underwater' mode, if you are so inclined. (Be sure to use a water proof case).There are so many combinations you can try with each scene mode using the auto setting, shutter priority, aperature priority, etc.  I used the auto mode primarily with and without flash.  Definitely buy an extra battery (charger and battery come with the camera), and at least a 8 gb memory, class 10, and a screen protector for the 3' LCD viewer.I did use the video mode for short clips of birthdays, etc. but this was not my primary use of the camera.I was so impressed with this camera that I purchased a Panasonic Lumix ZS19 from Costco last month during the Black Friday sale. I used it for a few days, and thanks to Costco's liberal return policy, it went back to the warehouse.  The ZS19 just did not measure up to the ZS8, in spite of the longer zoom, and touch screen LCD.  The ZS19 had fewer 'scene' modes, and did not come with an external battery charger.I am thoroughly satisfied with this camera, and am sure you will be also, if you decide to buy it.