This by far is the best hdtv available today. This is my second day with my new LC-60LE835U and boy am I happy. I have read every review available on this model and I will say that if anything that is said negative about this TV is just nit-picking about minor items. I have my PS3 connected by a type 2 HDMI and the Blu-Ray picture is pure exillerating. I have it on Dynamic(fixed) for picture and audio settings and if there is anything I find slightly negative about this SHARP HDTV is when it goes to a white screen while my daughter is playing her 'little big planet' is that it is so bright that it could possibly tan my cat. I have noticed a very slight blur and it is quite small that I have to really look for it and I always do not see any. There are no 'Blooming' or 'Clouding' or even light escaping from any edges or corners. The screen is matte and there are no reflections on the screen. There are slight reflections only when in direct contact from the light source. I believe that anyone who says a fourth pixel is not noticeable or required is working for another HDTV manufacturer. I have never seen the vivid colors on any TV as I have with this one. The yellow, golds, browns, and the blues,light blue and magentas and purples are well heck even the greens are phenominal. Well ok I can say that the '4th' pixel is required for these stunning colors. I am sure SHARP has a patent on this and the other manufacturers and Critics downplay this every time to sell their less performing HDTV'S. Audio is great on this and surround sound is not really required to get full enjoyment from the viewing experience, but i am sure a 5.1 or even a 7.1 systen would blow me away if I also had that. The 3D effect is fairly well on this 60' but I think that 60 inches is still a bit small to enjoy the 3D effect. It does work well, but the glasses annoy me after a period of time and even at 60' is still small. I bought from AMAZON at 1,914.00 with a 3D bundle. (which is 2 3D glasses) I got it with no taxes and free shipping delivered to my house in a week from 'Pilot' shipping. The box arrived undamaged and in a non confrontational manner into my living room. It was a little tricky setting it up by myself and I reccommend that you should have assistance while setting up the stand and positioning it. The most difficult aspect was getting my PS3 and my SHARP to work together. I very much reccommend going to youtube to find out any set up problems that you may encounter. After I viewed youtube about getting my HDTV to recognize my HDMI and within minutes I was viewing my Blu-Ray.The system requirements for performance is a Blu-Ray,HD cable box from satellite or cable,Type 2 HDMI cable I recommend the mediabridge offered by AMAZON. (it is very high quality at an affordable price).Anything less takes away from the performance of this high performance set, even NetFlix instant streaming was pixeled at times and non-stellar most of the time. I am about to watch a non Blu-Ray in my PS3 to see if that views well......