I bought this tv over 3 weeks ago so I have had time to pick it apart.  1st of all, the tv has a really good picture, brightness, color depth and blacks. As I stood in HH Greg, I looked at all the LEDs that were close to this one(Samsung, LG, Sony). They were all 55' and this was a 60' and the Sharp had better brighter and more color depth than those tvs. I have played my PS3 on this tv and the picture was amazing even 3d gameplay like Socom Navy Seals, MLB 2011...WOW!!AWESOME. Blu rays and 3d movies were really nice to watch too.  On 3d, you may expirience a little ghosting at times or cross talk, but this is minamle. Its so infrequent that its not a big deal as I heard other tvs are worse and pretty much all tvs need to work on this issue.I do expirience on fully white or or light colored pictures that there appears really small black spots in all 4 corners of the tv....I feel this is caused by the led edge lighting of the tv.....like I said a small issue and very hard to see....I am really picky though.I have a 40' Samsung LCD and a Samsung 42 ' plasma and I feel those are all great tvs too, but this Sharp Quattron 3d tv is by far better!!  The remote is nice but could have had better button placement and could have come with lighted buttons. Overall though nice remote.I have not used the apps and pretty much are worthless unless you have internet. The frame is stylish and nice.  If wall mounted....the tv's hdmi ports are still easily accessed on the left side....most tv's plug straight into the back, while these plug in kinda sideways which makes it easier to plug in.I installed and hung this tv by myself( I am a bigger guy) so keep in mind I recomend 2 people for an easier install.Overall the tv is great, but I feel the tv needs to be calibrated better towards THX certification.....Understand this is not a THX certified tv, but would be better if it was....All tv companies need to better calibrate these tv's if they even do that at all.Pros- I use the user setting for the most accurate colors and brightness and black levels.  Tv has one of best picutres I have seen.  Vivid blues, greens and yellows(all colors really)  Many options for apps  Great price  $1925.00 plus tax HH Gregg  Great clear 3d picture  I Still think yellow pixels make a difference( as to some people do not)  Power saver, when you forget to turn off tv, will power itself down when no signal is detected...nice feature!  Automatic brightness control to adjust with amount of light that comes through winows or lamps.  Sensor on tv....no need for a seperate sensor.Cons- Glasses not included.  Remote's buttons are somewhat small and need to be back lit  Some ghosting or cross talk on 3d....but not really noticable.  Menu sometimes annoying but overall easy to use.I purchased this tv at HH Gregg for $1925.00 plus tax.  Glasses not included I spent $80 a piece a HH Gregg.  Amazon had them a bit cheaper at $73.00 plus ship.I really tried to give as many cons but there are not much......You should enjoy this tv and I would recomend this over others....not just because of the cost but the cost for the picture quality you receive.OVERALL- Great tv for the buck.......as time goes on I will update on any possible problems I may encounter.....Thanks!  Hope this Helps!