I have had this unit a week now and I am very impressed with it. The picture quality is amazing.I use it with an Oppo 93 3D Bluray player going through an Onkyo 970. Everything is HDMI 1.4compliant and it all works very nicely together. The Sharp sees the Onkyo, but not the Opposo far. Not really an issue. Likewise the limited web apps are not somethig that bother me.3D playback was out of this world watching Avatar. I had seen 3D demos in stores and thought it wasa bit contrived and not really immersive. I did see some cartoon character pop out of the screen, or abig drop of water go by rafting the grand canyon.. but Avatar was full on, very real.. as far as itis  areal' of course.Be prepared to mess about for a while dialing in the picture. Skin looked overly red out of the box.I also had to tone down yellow and magenta setting and reduce color saturation a few clicks in orderto make things right (for me).It's been pointed out to me from my review of a previous Samsung 3D TV that the yellow pixel is a gimmick, and yes, it is,as the industry spec color to be divided into Red Green Blue..but I think Sharp actually did something clever. Since the numberof pixels is limited to 1920 by 1080, the bigger a screen gets the bigger the pixels, or the wider the gap between them.. so byadding the 4th yellow pixel Sharp are filling the 'holes' and adding resolution, as it were. It might boost total output too..which is why I needed to dial it all down out of the box. Food for thought.Pros: 60' 3D LCD for 2300$, wow! Great picture. Huge number of adjustments. Usable on board speakers for once.Awesome 3D with Avatar. Slim , great for wall mount (when I get around to it) Nice 'hidden' buttons on the bottom right allow use even when remote is lost. Power saving modes.(slight) Cons: ugly base, remote is a bit direction sensitive, only a couple of apps (which I do not use) huge number of adjustments :)  There is a slight amount of light leak in the corners, but it is dark rather than bright and I notice it only on fully 'on' shots, such as a white title page. I have seen much worse than this so it is a negligible con.