I play a lot of online multiplayer games that require fast reflexes such as Tekken 6, Super Street Fighter 4 and Killzone 3, so game input lag is a huge deal for me. It can make or break any gamer. I was tempted to buy Samsung D8000 55-inch until I found that it has game lag of 66ms or 4 full frames/second. Simply unacceptable!So on to this TV:When gaming, make sure to change the AV Mode to 'GAME' for optimal no-lag experience!  Now, the 'GAME' mode is not the prettiest one, but I managed to calibrate it so well that it looks even better than the best mode 'Dynamic (FIXED)'. I pulled some chained combos on SSF4 and Tekken 6 and they came out perfect without noticeable lag!The TV's overall picture quality is great, but not as good as Samsung D8000. If you spend some fine-tuning on the display calibration, though, it can come pretty close :)BTW, the TV MUST be calibrated out-of-the-box. Do not be surprised when the picture does not look as good as you thought it should when you first got it. That's just the default factory setting.Its speakers quality is the best I have heard out of flat panel TVs in a long time. The woofer really adds the 'umph' in bass department, especially during gunfight scenes.It's also one of the greenest TV out there. With advanced mode, you can tone down the watt-consumption down to 97 Watts. It's pretty neat for my electric bill. But note that if you calibrate the TV that makes it require more brightness, the Wattage will go up. But that's pretty much the norm of all TVs out there.The movie looks great. Played some footage of OceanEleven and it looks so vivid and clear. Make sure to turn off the smooth-film mode to restore it back to 24frames/second. Yeah, I am not into that 'soap-opera' look that new TVs are promoting these days.Have not use the 3D feature yet. I do not have the glasses yet (it is not included with the TV).The apps are okay but I do not use them as much except Netflix. It's really sluggish to browse around Netflix, but once it streams the movie it is very smooth without pause or interruption. Note that it also depends on your internet connection and how you connect to it. My internet is adequate speed and I connect it straight via ethernet cable. I have not tried it via WiFi yet, so I could not tell.However, PS3 streams Netflix better than this TV. It has somewhat better color and hue along with less artifacts during fast-motion scenes.If you are a gamer, I highly recommend this TV. For 60-inch 3D TV, it is the best bang for the buck!PS. Current calibration setting for Game/Viper Mode based on Disney WOW disc (note that your preference may vary):Backlight: +16Contrast: +32Brightness: +2Color: +8Tint: 0Sharpness: +3Have not played with the hue settings yet.If you watch Bluray movies/Netflix online streaming, use 'Dynamic Mode' instead. Here's my Dynamic Mode calibration setting (feel free to adjust it to your liking):Backlight: +16Contrast: +26Brightness: +1Color: +1Tint: 0Sharpness: +2Advanced Setting (Dynamic Mode):Motion Enhancement: 120Hz HighQuad Pixel Plus: OnActive Contrast: OffGamma Adjustment: 0Film Mode: Off (IMPORTANT. If it is 'On' your movie will look like soup opera)Digital Noise Reduction: HighDo not mess with the rest of the setting options. You are good to go.Latest edit: August 4, 2011