Amazing is the only word to describe this TV.  The bezel is small and the stand is rock solid, it looks great even when off.  When you turn it on your jaw drops at the bright, colorful, razor sharp picture.  This TV has just about every feature you can imagine.  How cool is it to effortlessly switch from TV to Netflix to stored files.  I have not tried the 3D yet so hopefully that will not disappoint.  Only a few minor issues keep this from being 5 stars.Pros:-Dual band wireless N-2 USB data ports, this TV plays avi, mkv flawlewssly with a nice user interface.  Great to have one large drive connected and still have a port to plug in my portable drive.-You can turn off the 'TV ON' light in the front.  May not seem like a big deal but with this off there are no lights or indicators to distract you.-Nice Netflix UI, better than the xbox IMO-Ridiculous number of connections, all my old (and new) stuff connects with no problem.Cons:-The remote is not the best, it works but sometimes you have to point it directly at the TV.  Also it does not light up.  I suppose there has to be some corners cut to get a 60' set at this low price.-I could only get 1 bar on the wireless from my brand new Netgear Dual band router 25 ft away.  I had set up a dedicated 5GHz network for this TV but I eventually decided to have the cable company come out and throw a drop in behind the TV.  Maybe a 2.4GHz connection would work better.-Netflix software is a little buggy.  It kept locking up when using the wireless.  Wired connection solved it for me.  Sharp is working on it and has already issued 2 updates.  Not a deal breaker but something to keep in mind.-When viewing files on a USB drive you have to bring up an onscreen menu to stop, pause, etc.  Not a big deal but the remote already has these buttons (which work for Netflix), why not use these?Overall this is a great TV.  With all these built in features it is not surprising that there are a few minor bugs to work out.  Do not let those stop you from getting one of these great sets.