I am the type to spend hours researching tv's, and after reading several reviews, forums, etc I was all set on getting a Panasonic Plasma once the 60 ST50 model was released.  That was until I saw a Sharp tv on display at Costco playing a blu-ray; I was amazed with the picture quality, but I wanted a higher end model with 240hz, and the next day this tv pops up as an Amazon lightning deal.  Just what I was looking for at that moment.I received it mid-afternoon, calibrated it, and really enjoyed the picture.  The picture excels best during the day, but be careful as this set has a reflective screen which will reflect direct sunlight on it.  Later in the evening my g/f and I decided to watch Game of Thrones on Blu-ray which has a lot of dark scenes and the living room would be dark.  I turned on the PS3 and noticed the clouding right away as I waited for the blu-ray to load.  I am not talking of clouding on just the corners, but throughout most of the screen.  It really stood out at night on dark load screens.  Later in the episode in a dungeon scene, I could see the white spots from the clouding on parts of the screen that were meant to be completely dark or black.  This was the most extreme clouding during any kind of playback.I knew there would be some possible clouding when I ordered it, but not on this level.  I mulled on keeping this for 10 days until I decided to contact Amazon for a refund.  I decided to purchase the Panasonic 60ST50 as originally intended.More on the clouding, it is almost unnoticeable during the day.  Now it is possible that the clouding on this set may be worse than normal, but I do not want to risk an exchange with the same issue.  During normal playback of movies / tv shows clouding was not very noticeable unless it was a delayed scene change or some sort of load screen whether it is a delay from changing channels, loading a blu-ray, etc. , but it is there.I am not suggesting that no one buy this tv, just be aware of the possible clouding at night during load screens, very dark scenes, etc.  If this is something you can live with, then you will enjoy the otherwise great picture quality.