I was in the TV market for some time looking for something worth the money and something I can enjoy too. Checked last Thanksgiving but could not find anything tempting. Was juggling between passive or active 3D. Passive 3D LED TVs were limited with only Vizio and LG and I was not too much impressed by those offerings. So was looking for some new offering in 2012 in passive world from S : Sony, Samsung, Sharp,... but was disappointed.So re-evaluated my wishlist again and decided to go with 60' 3D LED 240Hz with some nice picture quality. Look around and talked to few friends regarding their experience and observation. That helped me narrow down my search to Sharp 60' Quattron. Wanted to be little ready for next coming technology so opted 3D. End up finalizing on Sharp LC60LE835U. Check in store and found its picture quality performance as good as Samsung $2500+ TVs. Looked for better price and found a deal which amazon was good enough to match.Using this TV almost everyday and simply love it. Had to fine tune the setting little bit : turning on Auqa-motion, switching off Movie Mode, ... After that its 2D picture quality is awesome. It can play contents from USB directly quite fast. Netflix using Wifi connectivity is cool : no lag at all. 3D seems OK but I think 3D contents are not mature yet. Of all the 3D movies, AVATAR really impressed me.  So waiting for 'Avatar' to come out in 3D blu-ray to really feel the 3D effect using this TV. Its sound quality is not good as we can not expect good sound quality from thin TVs anyway. Connected it up with Bose home-theater system and the integration is perfect. I can pass picture thru Bose and able to re-route TV's voice via Bose which helps me play any media from USB.Overall I will rate it at 4.5/5 because 3D needs more maturity. Not sure yet its the content which needs maturity or the TV technology needs improvements.Why buy from Amazon : Amazon has good price matching policy. They match with few good compititiors. There was a deal of free 3D glass with 835u series. I missed it when I order the TV. When I found out, I contacted Amazon support and they were kind enough to honor the deal.