I had purchased a sharp 60' Aquos in October of 2010 and  a year and a half later it is worthless. I paid two thousand dollars for this T.V. at Best Buy and yes, I did my research before I bought it. The problem is I only researched the reviews not the complaints. I loved this T.V. the picture is amazing, but I basically have to set a T.V. that is not even two years old out for the trash man to pick up. It worked fine until one day it would not turn on and the led arrow light at the bottom kept blinking. I did research on the internet to try to find a solution to the problem and even tried to do a hard reset, nothing. I called sharp and based on the pattern in which the led light was blinking they determined that the LCD screen was shot and replacing it would cost as much as the T.V. did new. If you google 'sharp aquos will not turn on,' you will get pages and pages of complaints of the same nature. Not all were a bad LCD screen and some were fixable but this is insane. If I pay $2,000 for a television I expect it to last at least 7 to 8 years not one and a half. On my initial call to Sharp they informed me that someone would call me back within two days to fix the set. I never got a call and when I called them back that is when they informed me that my LCD panel was bad. They offered me a refurbished 60' at $500.00. Really, are you kidding? How long should I expect this one to last, if it even works after it gets banged around by UPS. I told them no. I explained to them how incredibly disappointed I am in their company and their customer service. I told them if they made $10 dollar toasters and sold them at Wal-Mart I would not buy one. Never, never, again will I buy anything from Sharp. The lady I spoke to on the phone said that she was sorry and that she recorded everything I said and would have a supervisor call me in two days to address the problem. Never heard from them. So take this review for what it is worth, and do your research not just on the good reviews, but also on the problems, before you buy this T.V.