Pros:Bright, vivid picture quality.Handles fast moving picture better than comparable models.3D is amazing.Large Screen size for the moneyGood sound for a flat panel.Cons:'Flashlighting'Viewing Angle issuesGlossy ScreenI am not afraid to say that I got an absolute steal on this TV. Through price matching I got it at a storefront for $1750 INCLUDING a 3d blu-ray player and 2 pairs of Sharp's Active 3D glasses. I originally went into the store to see the Samsung UN60D6400 in person, but was quickly turned off by how poorly it handled the football game being played by the store. Motion blur all over the place. Both of the TVs next to it (Samsung Un60d7000 and the Sharp LC60le835u) handled it considerably better, with a noticeable edge actually going to the sharp. In fact, I did not notice any of that pixelated look at all, even with the poor feed that stores display their units on. Factor in the price difference, and it became a no-brainer that the Sharp was the TV for me.I did not purchase this TV specifically for the 3D capabilities, but since I got the deal that I got I picked up The Lion King 3D bluray and I am completely blown away by its ability. One complaint that I have read all over the internet is that the 3D cheapens and darkens the image on the screen. This TV, even directly out of the box, has a much brighter display- so the dimming caused by the 3D makes it on par about with what most TVs look like in standard mode. I love how bright and vibrant the TV looks, even directly out of the box. It even handles the blacks extremely well. I have become a 3D fan, simply because of how well this TV displays those images. Also, most flat panels produce VERY poor sound quality. You can actually get away with just using the factory speakers on this TV and it even provides a little 'punch' to the movies. I highly recommend getting a surround sound system if you are investing this kind of money into a TV, but you will do alright with just the regular speakers.I wish I could give this TV a 5-star, because I adore it, and I would have bought the same deal over again 100 times out of 100; however I do want to make sure people are aware of a couple issues. Whenever I first put in a blu-ray, there is definite 'flashlight' effect where certain spots of the TV with no image show brighter than other spots of the tv. I will qualify that by saying that I have watched some dark movies and paused on the blackest scenes possible, and when it is actually displaying an image I can not find even a trace of the flashlighting, it only seems to be when the movie is loading. I am sure some people will be turned off by the bright spots on the load screen. Also, the viewing angle of this TV definitely has a little bit of an issue. That does not at ALL mean that if you are sitting on the extreme sides you will not see a picture, it just means that the picture looks better sitting directly in front of it than it does from extreme angles. Even standing right along side you can still SEE a picture (not that you did ever watch from that angle anyway), but the further out to the sides you get from the tv, the colors wash out slightly. Again, to me this is nitpicking, because the way my room is laid out, no seats will suffer from any loss of Picture Quality. If you are planning on putting the TV in a bright room, this TV has a Plasma-like gloss to the display and can definitely pick up more reflection than most LEDs do. As long as you are putting it in a room without excess light, that should not be a problem.Overall I did give this TV a 90/100, only docking some points for flashlight effects and viewing angle. I really wish I could give this 4.5 stars, but Amazon does not give that option. I am a little leary of putting a 5-star review on it because of just a few small issues, so 4 stars it is. Still a VERY HIGHLY recommended purchase.