I went to go buy a different Sharp LED tv, but they were out of stock, and apparently they were not going to be getting any more.  The salesman pointed this one out to me as an alternate option.  The other tv had a refresh rate of 120, while this one has 240.  He also pointed out it had a lot of other bells and whistles, but my sole purpose of purchacing a tv is for it is picture quality.  Boy, was I happy I upgraded to this newer version!  The picture quality is outstanding!  Blu-Ray movies are so incredible looking, even at 60'.  My wife usually does not care about this stuff as much as me, but when I popped in the Blu Ray of 'Up' her jaw was on the floor!  Little to no motion blur at all.  Colors are sharp, crisp and bold.  Set up was easy.  Just had to go through a quick set-up, then everything was good to go.  DirectTV broadcasts look good in HD as well.  The speakers are ok, but I do not think anyone should be expecting anything outstanding on flat screen tv's, especially when they are only 1' thick.  If sound quality is an issue for you, you should always plan on having a different source for sound, from a sound bar to a full surround setup.  This still do not sound too bad by itself, but I'll allways be listening through my Sony reciever which plays uncompressed audio.  My only complaint is with the cable hookups in the back.  If you flush mount this moitor to the wall, it is very difficult to get your hand in to access the HDMI hookups behind the screen on the side.  And if you need to hook up anything that uses component cables or RCA cables, they face the back, not the side so it is next to impossible to install them without taking the monitor off of the wall, or risking the unit to crash to the floor when you lift it up to get back there.  If you have it sitting on the stand, then this will be no problem.  Other than that, I am incredibly pleased with this tv.  The picture quality is outstanding, which isremarkable for a tv at this size.  If picture quality is what you are looking for, then this set is for YOU!