The BLU-RAY movies color, clarity, sharpness etc is AWESOME and amazing in this TV.The quality of this TV needs to be judged @ 1080P signal and that is only possible with a Blu-ray or equivalent signal.The reason i mention this is because like many of us i also have cable TV and the standard definition is @ 480i is good but not the best to watch @ 60' and within 10 feet. HD channels are better but still have motion blur which is noticeable. This also differs from channel to channel and i noticed it is better and awesome in SYFY channel.This TV definitely has back lighting issues but not the worst. To me it does not interfere with my viewing pleasure.I found that it is noticeable in 3 corners if you are watching sitting right infront of the TV  at a distance of 10 feet. I do not think distance matters,just wanted to mention here. This is noticeable only in pure white or sky back ground or lighter back ground scenes . Otherwise it is perfect.Now the worse back-lighting is noticeable in the same lighter conditons i mentioned above when you are at an angle of  45 - 60 degress from the center on either side. This is visible on the top border of the screen all throughout from left to right. when i say visible white looks like very light gray cones laid one after the other. no big deal it is very very light. If i do not tell a new viewer he will not notice it 9 out of 10 times.Clouding issue is another which as mentioned by another reviewer happens only when changing channels and a black screen appears momentarily. Clouding does not seem to cause any issues otherwise.Sound as you know in any TV is flat and an AVR will do justice to a TV this size and dramatically improve your listening and viewing experience.3D - I only played the AFRICA 3D which i also bought from Amazon and it looks quite impressive in most scenes but not all. Eyes get tired quite easily.BLACKS ARE BLACK. The standard factory setting that comes with the TV does no justice to the deep black this TV is capable of producing.Increase the Contrast and reduce the Brightness to -3 or so. This is my preference but it does make remarkable difference to the dark grays the factory settings produce.Overall despite the backlight minor issues i will keep this TV as my wife aptly said, 'I already started falling in love with this TV'.A slightly better TV might be SAMSUNG which is priced almost double. That is ridiculously over priced to me and it might have its own list of issues.Oh almost forgot to mention Amazons' service was excellent throughout the buying process even though there was a goof up in the shipping address.