I bought this TV a few days ago.  The picture out of the box was better than expected, but I did some tweaking to get it set for my taste.  I was equally impressed with 3d, 2d hdtv, and 2d non-hdtv.  Yes, HDTV looks better, but I was quite surprised to find the non-HDTV channels looked very 'Sharp' as well.I did a lot of shopping prior to this purchase, and I am happy to say that I think this is the best 3D TV on the market for the price.Pros:-Clean sharp picture-3D movies jump out of the screen (better than movie theatre IMO)-Simple feature, but hooked it up to PS3, and when you turn on PS3 to play a game; it automatically changes the source from cable TV to PS3 connection instead of me manually having to make the change.  While I know this is not a big deal (perhaps I am easily impressed), my other HDTVs require me to change the source in order to play games.  I really liked this feature.-Works great with playing PS3 games that are in 3D.  I found some cheap PS3 3d glasses at a mortar store, and they worked fantastic when viewing movies and PS3 3D games.  The glasses look cheap, but they work really well.Cons:-Sound system is not great.  I will say it is better than the normal Sharp 60 TV, but it is still subpar.  This was not expected, and most people have surround sound so this is not much of an issue.  I have not moved my surround sound yet.  This was just a TV I picked up so my wife would have something to watch while in the kitchen.-Sharp glasses are expensive.  I borrowed a pair from a friend, and while the quality of the glasses is better looking, they really are not any better than the PS3 glasses that I bought.  (It's not like I am going to wear them in public so I chose price over quality for these any day of the week.-We are still a little early in the 3d era.  While I prefer active shutter over passive; I fear the new bluetooth or something better will come out soon.  I hope active shutter is not the Betamax in the VHS - Betamax war.  If you have never heard of Betamax then you should understand my concern.  If you have heard of betamax then you should really understand my concern. :)-Does not allow web browsing.  This is not really a big deal for me, but if you are expecting to use this TV to surf the web.....I strongly suggest you hook up your laptop and use it as your screen.  Web browsing is not legally available on this TV (yes, you can do Netflix, etc.), but it can be done if you really want to modify the system. (I have heard this would nullify the warranty.)In my opinion, the pros far outway the cons.  I hope you enjoy my take on the TV, and I hope you enjoy this TV as much as I do.  If anything changes; I will update my review.