A local brick mortar store has this set available, and they are also an online store. Think of what comes after the word french when ordering with a big mac. The price at the store is an incredible 1499.00 and it is bundled with a 3d Blu Ray player. I called Amazon as I am a Prime Member and I have spent $$$$$ on Amazon in the past 7+ years. I told them about this store and I was transferred to the Large size items departments since this was for a 60 inch TV. The person I spoke to was very nice and went to the website and did see the ad that comes out every FRYday in the newspaper. When he clicked on the link it took him nowhere. When he added the TV to the cart it does not show up as a bundled deal for 1499, it showed up as a single purchase for 2133. I told him I work right across the street from the store and i saw the TV package inside the store and he agreed he sees the ad but it will not bundle online. I LOVE Amazon and I really wanted to purchase from them but they would not match. I ended up last night buying the TV bundled with the 3D Blu Ray player for 1499 at the store. They are 265 less then Amazon, and they include a 3D Blu Ray player, and I was also able to change to a LG BD670 (I have had a good experience with this model) instead of the Sharp BDHP35U as the Sharp is not rated that highly at no extra charge. Remember even at the brick and mortar stores everything is negotiable.Now as far as the TV, it is incredible compared to anything in its price range. When you get above 2K, yes I thought the Samsung was awesome, but the glare on the Plasma's was atrocious. I brought my 2 girls and my wife into the store and we watched Despicable ME in 3D and my kids were reaching out to touch the characters. We then watched it in 2D and the picture was just as awesome as the pricier Samsung. One more note- I went to the store the day before and fell in love with this TV, however it was 1999 and included no bundle. Nobody at the store mentioned to me that the next day it was going down to 1499 and with a 3D Blu Ray player included. I got lucky 4 sure!