My first experience with Sharp and it could very well be my last.  I am technically sound, have never had a problem I could not fix with any sort of technology whether it be a computer or television etc... Now enter this beauty from Sharp.  I ordered it and it shipped from Paul's TV.  Had everything set up  before it even arrived, blu-ray / home theater system all set just needed to plug in the hdmi cables and should have been good to go.  Alas it did not work, I plugged the TV in, its light on the front flashed twice, then five times and then it turned off, all the while a picture never was displayed, no noise, or menu screen, nothing.  I tried unplugging the tv and waiting a while before reconnecting, that did not work.  I then tried different hdmi cables, still the same problem.  Then I tried a different outlet/surge protector but still the problem remains.  It is very disheartening when you pay for a television of this caliber and this high a price and get back what essentially amounts to a giant 60 inch paperweight.  I have never had this happen before and after doing some digging (a lot of digging) on the internet a found a few threads that suggest this is a power supply and a common problem for Sharp Televisions.  I will be calling Sharp tomorrow and if I am not satisfied that they can alleviate this problem without much effort on my part I can safely say it will be the last piece of business I do with that company.  I'll move on to one of their competitors like Sony, Samsung, or Vizio.So I have not been able to actually watch anything on this tv, so it may actually have a great picture but I can only comment on what I have experienced and so far the experience is the worst television experience I have ever had.UPDATED: After starting what has been a horrendous experience with Paul's TV I had to start the return process with them.  It is a not an easy process like Amazon, I would avoid doing business with them If you could, I wish Amazon sold, shipped, and fulfilled this product.  Any how while waiting for this extraordinarily lengthy return process to be completed I was essentially forced to buy the television from another company.First off the TV has a really nice minimalist design, thin borders around the screen maximize the theater experience.  Just out of the box the TV displayed an Impressive picture.  That was before calibrating it, once I calibrated it and setting it up with my home theater system my experience was complete.  Picture was crisp, clear, defined, and gorgeous looking.  The picture settings have lots of options to tinker with to wind up with the picture settings that suit your taste.  So far blu-rays and FiOS tv has looked phenomenal on this set.  3d was excellent too, I tested it out with the new Conan the barbarian movie which is not supposed to be that great in 3d, if that was not great I can only imagine how good Avatar looks.The remote is fine, not bad but I would not say it was great.  Though it was comfortable to hold and I have not had any real trouble with it.  The manual however is not so great, It has a ton of information in it but deciphering and finding that information is not intuitive.  I have not used the speakers on this tv as I have it set up with my home theater system.  So the only negatives (if you can call them that) about this tv that I could find were the avg remote and the confusing manual.