Do not buy this purely off of the Aquos brand as I have noticed the quality of the pictures are not what they were several years back.  However, if you want a reputable manufacturer with a good history that is still making quality TVs that is a good value with a good picture, this is your TV.  The built in apps are great so I do not have to rely on external devices to connect to services such as vudu or flickr.  I would have liked more apps but vudu does a good job of connecting to these other services (such as flickr, which the TV does not directly do but is supported through the vudu app).  It is convenient that the TV supports automatic checking for firmware updates (it goes online and checks for you) but it was a major annoyance when it kept popping up a notification box that covered the shows I did watch to notify me of a new update.  The update would fail EVERY time I tried it, most likely because everyone's TVs were no doubt delivering the same message to them and everyone would try to connect to the service at once.  It would run for a good 15-30 minutes and fail in the middle.  So, I would lose the use of the TV while it would try to upgrade plus I would continually get nagged with the popup.  I went online to see if I could download it and use the USB connector to update it but they had not made the update available online!!! It was very frustrating.  The way I fixed it was to try the update late at night while evryone sleeps so nobody else was connected.  Nevertheless, the TV looks nice (you have to play with the settings out of the box) and has lots of features.  I like how it can connect to DLNA servers (which I use software from Elegato to stream movies, pictures, and music from my macbook to my TV).  I also like how it supports USB drives and plays lots of different formats which I used with my WD HDTV in the past (including Divx AVI and MKV files).  The problem with the USB connections, however, is that it is in the back of the TV which means you need rear access if you are going to use a usb stick and plug in/remove (to add more movies).  That feature seems like it was not well thought through.  The other issue I have is the plug.  It has those standard 3-prong plugs but, when you have a super flat TV that you plan on hanging (especially with the 'picture hanging'-type wall mounts (I used the VideoSecu Ultra Slim Thin Flat LED HDTV Fashion TV Wall Mount even though it sys it is for TVs up to 55 inches only), the plug sticks out and forces the TV away from the wall.  I resolved this my cutting out a section of the wall and forcing the outlet into the wall and screwing it in there.  Overall, a nice TV with a few minor and  major annoyance.