I spent a huge amount of time comparing 60 inch TV's on paper. On PAPER, this TV was merely competitive in terms of features and price. Its only when I actually went and saw it live and in person along side dozens of other sets on a show room wall... did I come to the realization that there was no comparison. This set was by far the best in it class. It even rivalled the top of the line LEDs cost $1000 more.The Sharp Quattron is strikingly vivid - so life like, in fact, that we often comment that its just like being on the set of our favorite sitcom, or sitting in an IMAX theater watching 'Blue Planet' in HD. The colors, particularly colors that include yellow, are 'true to life.'But frankly none of that matters - what matters is how it looks when watching football. This is where it REALLY excels. Maybe its the extra yellow capable pixels, do not know... aall I know is the grass looks more real than the real grass I see outside my window ('grass is always greener on the others side of the scree?'. The acuity of the picture is so sharp that I can actually see and make the 'close calls' in most football games before the announcers or the refs. Absolutely no blur or ghoasting even watching Sammy Watkins run.  Oh, and I am finally watching hockey for the first time in a long time because NOW, I can actually see and follow the puck.The only problem is, now all my friends (who all own their own HD big screens) want to come to my house to watch the game. The beer bill is killing me. But the 'ews' and 'awes' and comments about how great the picture is make it all worth while.BTW if you think this review is a little too 'gushy' to be real, I can assure you it is not. Nine time out of ten when I write a review its to warn fellow consumers about some 'horrible' product or truly bad online shopping experienc. But its also the reason that I bother to take the time to write about that one in 10 products GOOD products that truely stands out.... in this case... head and shoulders above the pack. The Sharp Quattron is one of those products.So much so, that I am about to buy another. I could not be more please with my purchase. Good Show Sharp! But do not take more word for it... do yourself a favor and see it for yourself. You'll be blown away just like I was.Happy Viewing!BBBoy