I am giving this display a high rating in spite of some annoying things I noticed. I waited at least two weeks before I wrote this review. Perhaps that is not enough time to spend with this device and sound like an expert but I have formed my initial impressions.1. The out-of-the box auto settings are mind boggling in their affront to the eyes. They brightness of the image is inappropriate for any indoor use. The color presets (with the possible exception of movie mode) are Timothy Leary, Peter Maxx, and Andy Warhol friendly but not suitable for any sober human looking for a non- psychedelic experience.2. Item 1 can be fixed but not without some careful exploration of the setting in the menus and submenus. One reviewer on this site provided some helpful baseline settings. Thank you, J. Oki of Hawaii! You saved me a lot of time in experimentation.3. Once the automatic picture destroying settings have been disabled and the color and contrast dialed in a nice picture begins to emerge.4. There seems to be some sort of splotchy spotlighting effect occurring with the LED edge lighting. This is not noticeable for 95% of all pictures I have viewed but upon close inspection with a steady test pattern such as red field or 50% white, you notice some uneven backlighting.5. The remote is simple and nice.6. The silly power indicator must be turned off so as not to distract. Happily this is a single button push in some menu and yet it still will light up for a second or two so you know when you have turned the display on. This is a good thing.7. I cannot set up the Wi-Fi. Funny, I can manage to set it up easily for the Roku HD box in the same room and every other device in my home. This device simply refuses to engage with my router. Why? I do not know. Perhaps someday I can work it out. Perhaps it just is broken. It annoys me a little but I do not need anything it offers so I do not really care.8. The 3-D is OK I guess, fun to watch for a little while. Maybe I will grow to like it but I doubt that I will. In any case I only bought one pair of 3D glasses and I only own a single 3D Blu-Ray Disc (and before you go there, yes...I do have a 3D player).I chose this over the Samsung 3D 60' because of the promise of enhanced color gamut but discovered that the Quattron technology is really only a parlor trick.There is no way to use an wider gamut (like XvYCC) signal to any advantage so I will need to wait for some large wide gamut OLED display in the future to become reasonably priced. That may be about the time that this needs a forklift upgrade.In the meanwhile, this is a fine choice for general TV viewing and it looks great on the wall.