There are plenty of great reviews on picture quality and such, so I will not be delving into this aspect in this review. Even with the defect I describe below the picture was amazingly Sharp and if it were not for a dead pixel I probably would have kept this unit.This was my second Sharp Quattron set, the first one I was so impressed with that I was REALLY stoked for this 3D version. Unfortunately, the set I received through Amazon had a screen with problems, first a sort of 'cloud pattern' that become an issue when viewing sports like racing, any footage with bright landscape scenes, etc. I contacted Sharp to see how they would take care of this issue. I was asked to take photos of what I was seeing and send them via email. While taking photos for Sharp (which ended up being a joke) I discovered a dead pixel and that meant it was going back, regardless. While waiting for return shipper, I followed through with Sharp to get an idea of how their warranty service would be (for my other TV and a future Sharp purchase) and I got the definite feeling that they did not want to replace this unit. This would be my warning to purchasers to consider a 3rd party extended warranty instead of Sharp's extended warranty since it was obvious to me (to my chagrin) that Sharp was going to drag it is feet on issues.Sadly, I was not able to test the 3D capability of this set due to the promotional 3D glasses not arriving in timely manner.This was the first time I have ever bought something as large as a 60' HDTV via ANY internet retailer and once again Amazon was great, sending the TV very quickly and processing the return without any hardship or grief. I would not hesitate to buy another big item like this from Amazon.I have since bought another Sharp and the screen is perfect (as it should be) which begs me to wonder if perhaps the shipper/warehouser's subjected the TV I received to extreme heat while in transit/storage, as it was HOT (temps averaging 105 daily) when I ordered it. Just a guess.I have owned several large screen TV's of all different types and the Sharp Aquos Quattron line has the most vivid and alive screen I have seen to date. These TV's have literally changed the way we watch TV and probably a bad thing since we are watching a LOT more TV because of this.Sharp, please be more generous on your warranty service, sending a technician costs money but you should give your customers the benefit of the doubt since most of us buying this level of TV are quite savvy and not to mention picky.