I did a lot of research and store visits before I purchased this TV. Originally I wanted a plasma TV because I have heard they are the most realistic and price is considerably cheaper. During my store visits, every plasma I looked at seemed dim with bad whites compared to the bright beautiful LED TVs. At every store I went to, the Sharp LED TVs always looked the brightest and most vibrant out of ALL the TVs. On top of that, the price on the Sharp LED TVs was MUCH less than the high end Sony's, LGs, Samsungs, etc. I wanted a 65' TV, but unfortunately Sharp does not make 65' Quattrons. So that left me between the 60' and 70' Sharps. The 70' did not seem to have quite as good of a picture to me as this 60' did, but that could have just been the movie they were playing at the store as well. Ultimately the 70' 3D Sharp that I wanted was just too much money, almost double the price of this 60'. So, this 60' is what I decided on. It is definitely the best 'bang for the buck' for a high end 60' 3D LED TV. The image is extremely vibrant, crisp, and clear. I think this picture quality beats every other TV they sell in the big name stores. 3D Movies also look amazing! Sharp has earned a returning customer!There are only a couple things I can mention that would have made this TV 100% perfect.First, it would be nice if Sharp included more apps, something more comparable to what Samsung offers, but it really is not that big of deal to be honest, just an idea. Second, the only negative I could muster up for this TV is that if the screen is mostly black, and the TV does not automatically adjust the brightness/contrast down (which it usually does), then the black screen will have light and dark areas on the screen. I guess it is back light bleed technically, but it just looks like the screen has an inconsistent  amilky' wash to it all. But, like I said, the TV usually adjusts when the screen is mostly black and the blacks look amazing with no bleed at all. I have heard the other major brands such as Samsung and Sony do not have this little glitch, but you have to remember, they are $1000-$3000 more.Overall, a great TV! Way to go Sharp! In another 5 years or so when I get the itch for a new TV, hopefully Sharp will still have offerings of this quality at this low price point!