I have only had this TV for a few days, so I am relating just my out-of-box experience, but I have to say so far I am very impressed. The picture is gorgeous, bar none, I am so happy with that. When I first plugged it in and turned it on, it was bright like a tanning bed, so I turned the backlight way down to a reasonable level and it was much easier to watch. I am extremely picky about color reproduction; I use calibrators on all my PC monitors that cost several thousand dollars, just to give you an idea. While the Sharp Aquos OOB picture quality is not perfect, it is totally watchable. I'll eventually sit down and go through the entire calibration process (of which then I'll update this review) but its not bad at all, so it wont be a priority. I played around with some of the settings, but without looking at the manual. I consider myself a pretty technical person, but some of the menu settings were not clear as to what they did. So you'll definitely need to review the manual to really understand what all the settings do, even if you are proficient at these sorts of things. I watched my first Blu Ray in 1080p (my last TV was only 720p and nowhere near as sharp)and it was like a completely different movie, I was astonished at the clarity and detail that was now visible. I am so in love with this TV and can not ever see going to the expense and inconvenience of a movie theater ever again.Ok, now onto the bad stuff. In its first 3 days in operation (for a total of maybe 5 hours) its already 'crashed'. The audio went out and then after a few minutes the picture went black. I though oh well, I am having antennae problems again (yes I was using OTA signal) and turned it off. A few hours later I turned it on and it did not respond at all. The light came on but that was it. I eventually unplugged the TV for about 1 minute plugged it back in and it worked fine again, so clearly something was not quite right with the set. I know computers can be finicky, (really this *is* a computer with a really nice built in monitor), so they crash once in a while. I just hope this isnt a regular thing as the plug is really difficult to get to. Also, this is personal taste, but I hate the silky smoothness the 120hz adds to the picture so I disabled that right away. Its hard to get a tv of this quality though that does not have that, I am just glad it can be disabled. And lastly, the built in wi-fi stinks. I have a strong dual band signal in the next room, but the TV says its only 1 bar of 5 and I have not been able to get it to connect for more than a few minutes before dropping the signal. My HTPC however with its antennae receiver gets a full strong signal and has no problems streaming hi-def netflix videos into the same room. So since I have that, I do not care much for the built in, but still I figured it would be better. My priority though was for a great picture and that's what I got, so I am happy. I also wanted to address some of the complaints about a  amilky' picture you can see. I have seen it only on fully black screens, but it is extremely subtle and not noticeable at all when you have a regular picture playing. Even really dark films like Batman and Nightmare Before Christmas still look stunning and do not exhibit any  amilky' oddness in the picture related to that. Overall, highly recommended.