Needing to replace my 6 year old DLP Samsung TV After it finally gone out, I started my quest for my new TV. I compared every model TV in the 55' to 60' inch screen and even purchased a few and took them back after not being to happy with there picture quality. I spent approximately 3 to 4 weeks looking and researching before I settled on the Sharp LC-60LE835U 3D TV. I read tons of reviews for this model as well as for other Shart 60' inch models and found this particular one to be at the right price with the most features. I was a little nervous at first about ordering it on line with amazon because if I had any problems with it, it would be a hassle to ship back to them. But at the time there was free shipping, a 3D two pair of glasses for free bundle, and most of all no sales tax to pay. I figure why not and take a chance. I placed the order for the TV and later found out the glasses were subject to availability and that at the time of my purchase they were out of stock. I call amazon and asked for a rain check for them and they said they could not do that, but that hey would credit me back a $150 dollars off the TV to compensate for the glasses. I was pleased with this solution. The TV was schedule to ship and be delivered by 9-20-11 and that I would be receiving a call from the shipper once it arrived at the local facility for a delivery appointment. On 9-15-11 I checked the status of the shipment and realized the TV was delivered to the local facility about one hour from my house. I called the shipping company Pilot and asked them if we could set up the delivery date and time. The representative on the phone stated that I was out of area from them and that it would have to be transferred to another shipping company. I was quite mad about hearing this and called amazon to see if they could resolve this issue with pilot shipping. The amazon rep told me the same thing pilot told me so I ask if I could just go pick it up because I did not feel comfortable with my almost two thousand dollar tv being bounced around from carrier to carrier. Both companies said hat would be fine. I wasted my time and gas to pick it up. Well after finally gettin the TV and setting it up and watching a few 3D movies, I can say without a hesitation this is one of the best TVs on the market at this size and price. My warning to potential buyer is tha you look locally or at other online retail store that use another carrier other than pilot to deliver. Amazon I feel let me down as a customer because there attitude about the shipping switch and the fact the TV  was going to go way beyond it is original arrival date to my house was no big deal. The representative seemed more concerned  about getting off the phone with me than wanting to solve this issue. I can highly recommend this TV but I can not recommend buying it through amazon after my experiance with there customer service department. It may not seem like a big deal to some, but if the TV would have came in damaged or did not work for some reason each carrier would blame the other and amazon would take it back and send a new one with the same shipping issues and now further out down the road in getting this TV. My best suggestion is to buy from the store with 'COST*O' in there name. They price match for 30 days with a 90 day return policy and extend the warranty free for one extra year and offer an additional 3 years for $99 on tvs over $1000, so you get a 5 year warranty. SORRY AMAZON YOU LOST A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE NOW!