I bought this item through Paul's TV by way of Amazon.  It is totally great.  It arrived earlier than expected and when it did arrive, I was contacted and asked when would be a good time to have it delivered AND set up.  Free delivery and free set up.  It was unpacked, the cables were connected, the TV was checked to make sure everything worked, then I was given a lesson on how to use it all.  Afterwards, the technician picked up all the trash and only left the box in the unlikely event it should need to be returned.  Great service.  As good as this television is, it is best to view it straight on, or no more than at 45 degrees otherwise it begins to look greyish.  The colors are brilliant and so very crisp.  Do not know if the yellow really does enhance this TV, but I can tell you it looks much better than my other HDTV.  It is not LED however.  The sound leaves something to be desired, but nothing a good sound system can not handle.  As for the 3D experience, too me it is out of this world.  Better than what you see at the movies.  Wayyyy better.***  A problem I had and this has nothing to do with Paul's TV, is that Amazon offers a 3D bundle.  When you buy this TV, you get two free pairs of 3D glasses.  I bought two extra expecting to get a total of four.  Each currently costs $71.69.  When I only received the two I had paid for, I called Amazon about the free pair and I was told that in order to get that pair, I had to buy the TV from Amazon and not a secondary seller who sells through Amazon.  Got it?  Translation...READ THE FINE PRINT! (And after you read the fine print, read it again.  Confusing huh?  I did get a $30.00 voucher from Amazon for this oversight, but I think it needs to be made more clear so that others do not make the same mistake.  Perhaps Paul's TV can do something similar and offer free glasses too.  On the other hand, I am not sure if Amazon would have set up the television like Paul's TV did, or just have rung the doorbell and left it there leaving me to take care of the rest.