I bought this tv several month's ago. I am upgrading from a 52' Samsung so my expectations were high. This tv has it all; wireless, apps, decent sound, slim design, and breathtaking picture quality.I have a Panasonic BDT-110 3D Blu ray player and 2.0 stereo hooked up to it, not to mention a few game consoles. I use the stereo combined with the tv speakers and I get good sound that is just right for me(I am not a big fan of surround).3D playback was amazing. I started with IMAX Under the Sea and was mesmerized. I grabbed Despicable Me, Avatar(which came free with my Panny Blu Ray Player by mail in), and Tron Legacy. All of them are amazing. The pop-out, depth, and brilliant colors are awe inspiring. The only con to the 3D is the large clunky glasses. One good point about the sharp glasses is you can double click the power button while watching to switch from 3D to 2D without turning the 3D off for everyone.I mainly use the netflix app since I do not have cable tv. The wireless is buggy as people have pointed out. I plan on hard wiring it soon so hopefully that will eliminate my problems. For now, I have found the best thing to do is when you first turn the tv on, wait a few minutes for it to 'connect' to the wireless(I guess that's what its doing) before you try to use it in any way, netflix, vudu, etc. Sometimes you may still get a unable to connect screen. Dunno what the problem is, got wireless on everything else but the tv... I do know that all the apps will not work, not just one and if you go to the wireless setup, it will show that it is connected. C amon Sharp...Now for the reason I wrote this review, the picture. It is nothing short of amazing; once you get it dialed in. This can be pretty tricky, it took me weeks to get it right. I am one of those guys who wants the picture to look the same all the time, I do not want to switch to movie mode, then to game mode, then to regular tv mode... I do enough remote clicking as it is. I read every online tv spec guide, looked at others setups, and even downloaded a few calibration dvds to try to get it right. This is what I came up with.AV Mode: MovieOPC: OnBacklight: +4Contrast: +30Brightness: +1Color: 0Tint: 0Sharpness: 0AdvancedCMS HueR 0Y +4G -5C +2B 0M +2CMS SaturationR 0Y -2G -1C 0B -7M 0CMS ValueR +2Y 0G +9C +4B +3M 0Color Gamut Range: StandardColor Temp: Low10 Point Setting: OffR Gain LO: +11G Gain LO: +7B Gain LO: +13R Gain HI: -2G Gain HI: -7B Gain HI: 0Motion Enhancement: AquoMotion 240Quad Pixel Plus: OnActive Contrast: OffGamma Adjustment: +2Film Mode: OffDigital Noise Reduction: OffMonochrome: OffRange of OPC Max: +16 Min: -10My preference is a movie theater type picture, which may be too dark for some, but maybe this will give you a starting point.