This  amight' be a good camera, darn if know or have the patience to find out. Lets list pluses first! Packaging: I bought mine at a 'box' discount house, requiring a membership fee and home to the $1.50 Hot Dog & Drink!  The camera came with a case, 2 gig memory card, battery & charger, instruction book?, and software for about $350. A great buy!  I am a 67 yr. old, retired (film) wedding photographer. I own two digital cameras, a small 'shirt -pocket' and a Fuji S-20 Pro. First let me say, SET THE WHITE BALANCE first! I read a review of the P90 where all the pictures came out washed out with an 'over-exposed' look! That reviewer then returned the camera. Had he set the white balance he may still own the camera. I have no doubt this is a fine camera, but as with all the digital cameras of this day, the mfr's pack too many features into one camera. This is the case here. To get back to the book, had Nikon hired a USA-born 'tech writer' I might have keep the camera and struggled to learn all its features. I like to photocopy certain pages of the book and make my own  areference' book,with LARGER type,  which I have spiral bound @ the local big box stationary store. The way the book is bound made it difficult to do this. I went to Nikon's web site and downloaded the instruction book but was unable to print a few pages. Nikon put some 'blocks' into their program which prevented me from doing this. I did take a few pictures outside and rushed them to the local quick photo place. The color was GREAT! However the sharpness seemed a bit soft. The layout of the  amenu' button  is better than with the cameras I own in that it is basic  two button affair, but how to access it and use it is a mess to try & understand. I give up, packed up the P90 and will return it today! I love reading the reviews because I pick up some good tid-bits. One other point, in evaluating a camera. I make a 11 x 14 print of one of the test pictures! AT $4 or $5 dollars I find out pretty quick if I should keep the camera! It is too bad , I could not get that far with the P90!