I have been using a Nikon P90 Coolpix for about a month, and I am very impressed with it.  I had been considering a digital SLR (Nikon D80), but after using one from a friend I decided that the weight and size might deter me from carrying it very often.  There was also an issue of cost.  The P90 costs from 1/3 as much as the digital SLR.Features I like:1. Sturdy feel and smooth functioning. Controls are convenient with many functional options.2. 12.5X optical zoom. I do not use digital zoom.3. Image stabilization4. Ability to switch from screen to viewfinder to view images (the viewfinder shows the same digital image as the screen).  I have been using a viewfinder for 60 years and I prefer it to trying to look at the screen, especially in bright sun.  I would not have a camera without a viewfinder.5. Quick focusing compared to other digital cameras that I have used.6. Uses SD cards (which I prefer to xD)7. Large screen that tilts.  The tilt is a great feature.  The screen can be tilted up or down by 90 degrees.  This is particularly useful when trying to hold the camera up over a crowd.  It also makes 'wormseye views' convenient and painless.Features I do not like:1. Uses proprietary battery (however, I found an aftermarket battery on Amazon for $5.00 instead of about $30 for the Nikon battery).  The aftermarket fits perfectly, but I have not used it enough to comment on lifespan and durability.2. No provision to add filters to the lens.3. No SD card included with the camera.  However, the camera does have some internal memory.All in all, I think that this camera is a very strong upper level amateur performer.  Except for using some very specialized interchangeable lenses, it can do most things that the digital SLR can do and do it faster and with less bulk.  Tamrac makes a case that fits almost exactly (like the camera, available on Amazon).  Not everyone feels that a case is necessary, but I find it handy for carrying the camera and a few accessories when not in use.All in all, I am very happy with the purchase.