I upgraded to this camera as a replacement to a Nikon P80 which I could never get to focus right for pictures.  The P90 handles focusing much better though I still encounter out-of-focus pictures more than I did like.  I have set sharpen in the custom settings to help but the challenge with the camera is (1) where the focus point is and (2) in less than well-lit scenes, getting a meaningful focus point.I have owned a wide range of film and digital cameras over the past 40+ years.  Nikon, Minolta, Canon, Pentax, Olympus, and more.  My inclination is toward Nikon after owning an F5 for several years.  That said, while continuing to buy Nikon digital cameras (S6, P80, and now P90), they are admittedly challenging to use.  Focus, as mentioned, and lighting.The P90 seems to be the best so far.  Still not perfect, but an acceptable improvement.  I am finding that Shutter priority at 125/sec is working out nicely for many pictures, with and without a flash.  But I am still experimenting.The P90 has great zoom capability from wide to telephoto.  Skip the back LCD display and use the eyepiece for steadier shots.  Better yet, just like the old days, USE A TRIPOD!I have not found, as have other reviewers, a problem with the lighting of the LCD display, nor am I troubled by the quality of the eyepiece display.  Both are very functional and the resulting picture is more a concern.I am bothered by Nikon (and other digital camera manufacturer) lack of lens threading to allow for a lens filter.  I have angst over carrying around an unprotected lens.Having to remove the lens cap to download pictures is a nuisance but a minor one.  If you have the camera already plugged into the computer when you turn it on you can leave the cap off.Battery life is short so I absolutely recommend at least one spare battery.  I typically carry two.  The battery and memory covery is oddly not self-locking.  You have to slide to lock cover to secure.I have taken a number of video shots and found the quality acceptable.  I am sure it is not as good as my video camera but I do not take many and am not comfortable offering detailed commentary on it.Overall, this is a good camera, I am not rushing out to look for a replacement (which was the case with the P80).  If you want a slightly larger, more featured camera than the pocket digitals, this is a great choice.