I got this camera for Father's Day after I broke my Coolpix P4. I loved that little P4, but not its big restrictions. Like many other reviewers of the P90, I too am a 'Nikon Guy'. I have owned Nikon's film based 4004 and 8008's, and used the N90 over the years with great success. I researched the P80 and saw many unhappy and disatisfied reviews, so I held off on buying that, then I saw the P90. It is just a point and shoot, but it is a point and shoot on performance enhancing drugs. This thing can do it all, but not if you want to pull it out of the box and set it on AUTO. I understand this camera and I have read the manual, but even when I use the AUTO mode (green camera icon on the top dial), my pictures look horrible.This camera needs you to understand aperture, shutter speed, ISO, etc... if you want crisp, clear, professional looking shots. This camera is the worst. I honestly have to say that even using some of the SCENE modes, will not necessarily produce the pictures that you might be expecting. That is why I gave it four stars and not five. That being said, when I select A on the top dial for Aperture priority, then I go into the menu and deselect Auto ISO, adjusting it for the light and subject matter, then turning the thumb dial to an appropriate F Stop, BAM! I get a magazine quality shot.It's a couple of steps, it takes a little know how and even a bit of effort, but you do not have to be a professional photographer to make it happen. Even when using a scene mode, you can still adjust the exposure manually by hitting the +/- side of the menu wheel on the back of the camera. A little up or a little down will make even a simple shot brighter or give it a dramatic feel if you darken your shot a notch or two.Another easy way make a good shot a great one is to use the view finder as opposed to the LCD screen. Granted, the big swiveling screen is a great option under the right circumstances, but Nikon gives you a choice for a good reason. Most point and shoots have dumped Viewfinders to save space, but even Consumer Reports will tell you that most people want and like them. A view finder will help you see what you are really looking at without the less-than-accurate influence the LCD will give. It's not unlike the way that when you are printing a picture from your computer, rarely does the printed image look exactly like the one on your monitor.If you are looking for National Geographic type pictures right out of the box, then the P90 is not for you. There are plenty of fairly priced point and shoots that will give just that. But if you want more than the typical Auto everything, (but with the option of Auto everything), and you will educate yourself even briefly on crafting a photograph by both reading the manual and understanding F-Stop (Aperture) vs. Shutter speed and using the White Balance and ISO, based on your conditions and situation, you will indeed see the P90 for what it is: an Advanced MegaZoom Point and Shoot Digital Camera that needs a little coaxing, and a small amount of patience and learning by the user.I have run 1300+ shots through mine and I am constantly surprised at what the P90 can do when I try something new with the settings and gamble with some creativity. If you have a P90 and did not like it at first, embrace your investment and give it another try. If you are thinking of buying a P90, commit to your purchase and know the camera before demanding perfection. I really like my P90. I am keeping it. I know it will never be a Digital Single Lens Reflex camera, but for just under $400, it is the closest you will get. After all it is a NIKON.