'This is my honest review of the P90:I am an artist (painter) and needed a high mega pixel camera to photograph my paintings for reproduction. I researched for 3 months to make sure which camera I wanted. I came to the conclusion that the Nikon P90 had every single feature I wanted and within the price range I had. I read some bad reviews but I figured it couldnt be that bad and I would give it a shot. I recieved this camera for my birthday last week. I have never been so excited.This would best camera ever if not for one thing.... It is absolutely horrible at taking a picture. I read the manual twice and figured every feature out. I am not an idiot and not a pro photographer, but I have educated myself over the past few months studying eveything I can on photography and using manual settings on a camera.Over 2 days experiemented with just about every setting and different types of lighting. Most were on a tripod. After taking 500 pictures I could only got 1 of what I consider decent to high quality ( and I am not pickey either). Every picture was grainy, blury, or really bad quaility. I was shocked. The camera did everything bad that people have written about on here plus some. I couldnt believe how it could be this bad. This camera seemed to do what it wanted no matter what you set it on. every setting seemed to do the opposite of what it should do (ISO, shutter speed, Etc..). The worst part is that the auto focus constantly is thinking and never actually focuses. 3 days in a row the camera after 50 or so pics, the focus just stops and kept giving me the red blink. changing modes and powering off would not make it work. I had to let it rest a few hours then try again. The LCD Screen is so grainy and you can not tell what your pictures will look like until you load them in the computer. I really wanted to make this camera work because I loved it so much. A family member could not believe it either and went outside (sunny) to do some test shooting with it. He came back and said, 'Take it back'.Even if I was somehow able to make it work to photograh my art under perfect conditions, I was to afraid of how unreliable it would be to take any snap shot on trips to the museum or the zoo. Seriously my Iphone and my old 4MP HP Photosmart takes better snap shots.I was so upset to take it back to the store, but I did. After returning it I went over to the demo model in the store. Now that I was well versed in using this camera I picked it up and tested it. The one in the store did the same things, so I am sure I did not just get a bad one. I tried it against several models and the difference was amazing. Every camera, even the cheap mini cams took a better snap shot right in the store and focused fast and easy. You can see the difference in the screens too. I am glad I am rid of that hunk of junk. I can not believe Nikon has not pulled it off the shelf it is so bad.If you buy this camera, Please beware that at best it will be very difficult to get the shot! Save your receipt.  This camera body is also sold as a Kodak and Pentax 24X Zoom.  Good Luck-'