The Nikon P90 is the latest mega zoom camera in the Nikon coolpix range. It boasts a swivel 3 inch LCD screen, a host of slr functions, can do 15fps at 3mp resolution, and, of course, has the 26mm to 624mm zoom lens, which is amazing in anyone's book.I bought the P90 after spending about 3 weeks debating whether or not I should have bought a dslr. Ultimately, I decided to save some money and go with a megazoom point and shoot instead. My rationale was that I was quite happy with the photos I have been taking with my Nikon S4, and then S10. I never print, so size wasnt an issue. While a dslr would be nice, it was not essential.I have taken about 200 photos and a short video. Initially, the photos I took were as horrible as I read- grainy and to be hoenst, crap. But the next day I put aside about an hour to take another 100 photos and by taking the time to actually frame a decent photo, I produced some pretty decent results. The focusing was reasonably quick, the swivel LCD screen is useful and the zoom was amazing. My photos had reasonable sharpness and detail (of course not dslr perfection).I did like to make a few comments about comparing the P90 with dslr's and prosumer cameras.I have had some experience with 3 levels of digicams- point and shoots (Nikon S4, S10), prosumers (Sony dsc 828), and dslr's (Canon Eos 350D, Sony alpha 300).Regarding the quality of the photos, you can usually see an improvement in the detail of the photo as you go from point and shoot, to prosumer, to finally, dslr.From my viewpoint, I did regard the megazooms like the P90 and Sony HX1 as point and shoots with a long range zoom lens attached. If you think about it, it makes sense.Imagine one of the multitude of 1cm thick point and shoot cameras out there. Then add on a huge zoom lens, thicken the grip for better handling of the extra weight, a dial for some slr functions, and hey presto! a mega zoom point and shoot.Now look at the body of the P90.The body's about 1cm thick- same as all the other point and shoots out there.Now look at the serious prosumer cameras and dlsrs. Their bodies are much thicker, and also have larger sensors. HEnce the quality is better.So while it is easy to assume that megazoom means mega quality, look at the other aspects of the camera to see if your expectations are realistic.If you have made it this far, thanks for reading :)July 30th, 2009---------------I have taken over 1000 photos now, as I have been sightseeing in Singapore and Guangzhou, China. To show you what this camera can produce, I have uploaded a handful of photos in a Flickr set. It shows how awesome the zoom is, but, unfortunately, may not satisfy those who claim lots of noise, as I am using the free version and it wont allow viewing at full res. Nevertheless, a picture is worth a thousand words, so I'll let them do the talking:[...]