We were going on a long vacation to Australia and we wanted more then a point and shoot for such a great trip. Yet we really did not want to carry around a DSLR with an extra lens and then spend hours learning how to use all the features -- and use it correctly. We talked to a lot of folks and ended up with the Nikon P90 - and we are thrilled. It offers a lot of control if you want it, yet works very well as an intelligent point and shoot.We ended up taking over 1,300 pictures and except for a dozen or so shots(and mainly our fault), they are fantastic. Everything from very bright daylight/beach scenes, to sunsets, indoors at museums, cloudy days, a few Aussie Rules Football action shots, to a few pictures of the night sky all were handled by the camera. We will have a lot of work narrowing down the pictures for a book.A few highlights: The two modes for saving user-settings is easy to setup and a real time saver. I used the auto-bracketing a lot and it worked beautifully. The sports mode does work well, although the pictures are only 3 megs. We actually found the camera to be fast enough in most cases to capture the action in Fine mode also. The 24X telephoto lens is incredible. It's wide angled enough for indoor shoots yet the 24X telephoto is more then enough for anything we wanted to capture. The 12 megapixels captures very fine graduations of color. Some of our sunset pictures of Ayers Rock are just as beautiful as anything we saw selling in the stores from professionals. The body is well-shaped for your hand and feels solid.If you do not want to lug around a DSLR and extra lenses, nor spend the money for one, (which will easily run you twice the price of this camera), and want something that is easy to learn yet gives you a lot of creative flexibility, I suggest you take a good long look at this camera.THIS IS AN UPDATE (Feb 1 2010): Now that I have had the camera for about 6 months, I am even happier with it then before. I have found that the video, while not HD, to be very sharp and the sound clear. I have found that in some cases I do not bother with my HD video camera. Also, now that I have gone through the manual a second time, I have some features that I did not quite understand or use before, which has made the camera even more enjoyable and helped improve my picture taking. Five stars plus.