No camera is perfect, but none of the negative comments on here offset the 24x zoom, the equivalent of 26-624mm on a 35mm film camera. And at smaller picture sizes, the optical zoom becomes MUCH greater, maybe 1000mm or more. And on the other end of the scale (26mm), the P90 gives a wider field of view than my prior Nikon, the P5100.But the P90 is not a one-trick pony. In fact, it can do a number of great tricks. Like the P5100, it has panorama assist (my favorite feature, though combining vertical and horizontal panning for large pictures would make it even better) with automatic stitching software, easy selection of different types of scenes (e.g.: fireworks, portrait, etc.), a wide range of camera/picture controls.I uploaded a picture of a flag taken inside, hand-held, at 1/15th second exposure with VR, with side-by-side comparison of the P90 and the P5100 and the P90 actually seems to be the better picture with less noise in the blue background. I am sure you can find a camera which takes better low-light indoor pictures, but can you find one (in this price range) that does that PLUS takes 24x zoom pictures?I also find taking macro pictures (such as of flowers) to be much easier with the P90, especially with the tilting LCD. I had no trouble getting the P90 to focus correctly in macro mode - something the P5100 had problems doing. The P90's new manual focus is also a welcome addition, as is the much larger LCD monitor.This is the first Coolpix I have had (of 4) which has an electronic viewfinder, which gives you through-the-lens viewing plus lets you see all the camera settings, etc.Another reviewer complained about having to pop up the flash to use it. I am just the opposite. To keep the P5100 from flashing when I do not want it to, I have to do a bunch of button-pressing to stop it, versus pushing one button to pop up the flash when wanted. To each his own.There's not room to list all the features I love, such as being able to crop, rotate, and/or retouch pictures in camera while reviewing them, as well as the real-time red-eye correction, blink warning, etc.On the cautionary side:(1) This is NOT a pocket camera. When the camera arrived in the mail, I was really surprised to see how big it is. I uploaded a picture with the P90 and P5100 side-by side from an angled overhead view so that you can see the difference. The P90 is about 20% wider and maybe 4x deeper (with lenses in all the way).(2) Even with VR, you cannot expect to take a picture handheld with a 624+mm zoom and get it perfectly sharp. Expect to use a tripod for such pictures, making this even less of a casual camera. If you order the P90 and do not have a tripod, you may as well order one at the same time.(3) No hot shoe. Again, I am not getting a 24x zoom camera to do wedding photography, so it is not a big deal for me.Bottom line: I do not consider this a general-purpose camera. You either want/need the 24x zoom lens or you do not. If you do, there is nothing about the P90 which will make you sorry you got it, especially if you already have a camera which does other things you want, such as doing portraits, putting it in your pocket (though phones are taking over that role), etc.