I bought the P90 since my wife has a compact P&S and I wanted to fangle with manual settings.Picture quality:  Simply beautiful.  Overall the camera takes amazing photos in daylight and cloudy lighting, they are spectacular in auto mode and even better with slight tweaking.The zoom and lens: I have taken stunning shots in full 24x zoom of skiers in action shots with chunks of snow flying sharp and detailed.  The optic stabilization is perfectly adequate to hand hold the camera taking shots in full zoom - and I disagree with the reviewer 'E.C. Bummer' and am highly suspicious of that review.  So I gave this a 5 instead of a 4 to balance.  I have also taken some very nice macro shots of tulips and the focus has been very cooperative and speedy.Learning curve and manual settings:  Getting familiar with adjusting the manual settings for aperture, shutter speed and contrast and white balance does not take long.  In about a week and 100 photos I was fully familiar with dialing in the settings and modes.  It takes some patience if you want to experiment out of auto mode and be comfortable changing the setup; and you will take some awfully exposed shots in the process - but that is the point of this camera.  I do like the overall layout and the menu for changing manual settings - fast and logical with 2 programmable profiles for preset settings.Lowlight and indoors for any digital camera is a challenge - just a nature of the beast.  I have had good results but you will get the usual noise if there is not enough light.  You will get very good results indoors relative to the technology, price and less expensive P&S's and even more expensive cameras made just a year ago.Video: Honestly would have expected more from this.  I took a 5 minute vid snowboarding down a mountain.  Perhaps this was an extreme test but the video was unwatchable pretty much.  I have seen much better results with compact cameras with video recording.  No HD.  Likely in good lighting with minimal shake the video recording probably does nicely for online video uploading.LCD and viewfinder:  I do agree the LCD does not seem to give a fair representation of the images and there is a delay once an image is displayed in play mode before the processing adjusts the image to high resolution.  My high-end gaming machine did the same thing - so not sure if it is because of the 12MP images or something else.  I prefer the viewfinder in daylight anyway for taking images.Size: I was able to fit the camera in the hand pocket of a Columbia jacket.  It is large for a P&S and I could certainly feel the weight in my unzipped jacket while snowboarding with it.  In your hands it is light and comfortable however.  I do like holding it.What would make this camera better:1. Ability to go from 'off' to 'play mode' to review pictures.  Instead the camera has to wake up the lens and the lens cap must be removed.2. The camera can be turned on when the lens cap is on.  The lens will try to force itself out against the lens cap, eventually giving up and the camera provides an error.  Just does not seem this is good for the optic mechanics.3. I wish there was a lock for the stabilization of the optics.  When traveling I can feel the parts moving in my hand.  Seems like the ability to lock everything would preserve the life of the optics.4. No screw for filters.  Would have been nice have thrown a polarizer on for bluer skies.  The camera does have many digital settings to try to get to filter type results.