I had decided to upgrade from the Canon S5 IS, because I really like a point and shoot camera with LOTS of zoom! I have always been a Canon person. My first choice the Canon SX1, but it was going to be expensive, and no one seemed to know the actual release date, so I decided against it.  Then, there was the Canon SX10, but it did not seem like much of a jump from the S5. I not only wanted lots of zoom, I also wanted to be able to take continuous shots rapidly. The S5 IS is really slow in this respect. This was to be my Mother's Day present, and I wanted to make sure I got just what I wanted!After doing a LOT of research, I began to think the Nikon P90 might be a good choice for me.  I had looked at the many pics taken with it on Steve's Digicam web site, but I always struggle to know if they have been photoshopped, or manipulated in some way. I went to a local camera shop, to try out the Canon SX10 against the Nikon P90, and they made my job easy, because they did not have the Canon model in stock.  Oh yes, and I also tried the Panasonic Lumix, but it was just too light for me, and the zoom on it is only 18X.  I tried the Nikon P90 around the store, and it seemed like a good fit.My first shots had a lot of blur to them.  It really frustrated me, and I was concerned I had made the right decision. It seemed that no matter what I took a picture of, it was blurry.  Also, we have a clear view of Pike's Peak, and I love to get those early morning shots of the mountain, and they just did not seem to 'pop'.  Our 16 year old son, who really knows his way around a camera, gave me some tips, and now, I really think this is an awesome camera!  My early morning shots of Pike's Peak still are not the best, but just about anything else I take a picture of, comes out awesome!  The colors are true, and it is a LOT of fun to use!  I just got a tri-pod today, and not having really used one before, I am learning how much it helps steady shots!There are maybe two downsides to this camera, and to me, they are small ones.  First, is the back LCD screen. It does not swing out like the Canon cameras do. One real plus to the swing out idea, is that when they swing back in, they can be flipped over, against the camera, so as to protect the LCD screen. I am just used to that is all.  I need to get a protective screen cover for it, and I think it will be fine.  The other  didownside', is that if I really use the camera most of the day, I pretty much use up my battery.  This camera uses the Li-ion batteries, so for me, it was imperative I get an extra.  I found a seller on Ebay that sold two of them at a really good price, and they came fully charged, and in small plastic cases too! Now I have 3 camera batteries!So, if you are looking for a really fun, point and shoot camera, with lots of zoom, I highly recommend this camera.  I almost did not buy it, because I saw some reviews of it that were not stellar.  For once, I am glad I did not listen to the crowd!