As with all new electronic toys, I had to take this particular model for a test drive before wrapping it up as a gift for a family member who is absolutely sold on nothing else but point and shoot cameras. Myself owning several Nikon & Canon film/DSLR systems over the years, I have to admit that I have never been a huge fan of point and shoot cameras. Surprisingly I did find that the Nikon P90 was definitely worthy of a second look. By far, this camera is a step up over the much maligned Nikon P80.Packed with a 24x optical zoom (26-624mm) lens, the 4 way Vibration Reduction system incorporates Optical Image Stabilization to an ISO capability of 6400. In Sport Continuous Scene Mode, the P90 is capable of 15fps high-speed shooting at up to 45 frames per burst. When shooting outdoors in various transitions I was pleasantly surprised that the P90 operated smoothly without the usual demons associated with the older P80 system. It delivered an array of great outdoor photographs in both auto, sports and manual modes that required absolutely no editing.Shooting indoors can be another story. Like all point and shoots the P90 does have its limitations in low light conditions. For me the long shutter lag in between shots is annoying. If users want to shoot in auto mode alone and do not have the time or patience to work the settings for indoor shots, this camera is probably not for you. However, the P90 can be tweaked to deliver indoor photographs.The bottom line is taking the time to know the camera and making the proper settings. A basic fix is the VR (Vibration Reduction) feature. This should be activated, especially indoors. For those that insist on shooting in auto mode and in low light situations, the noise gremlins are indeed going to be noticeable due to a higher preset ISO. This will undoubtedly lead to dark and low quality photographs. To alleviate that scenario I suggest that if auto is the preference, try shooting in a stationary, programmed auto mode.Another unique add on is the 3' tilting LCD screen. The LCD screen has a protective anti-glare coating. The tilted screen is a nice tool especially for shooting in the prone position. I only question the durability of the extension arm over time. Add in the Best Shot Selector (BSS),Red-Eye, Smile and Blink Proof features and you have the whole package.In video mode, average quality is produced at 24 frames per second at 16:9 aspect ratio. HD would have been a sweet addition. As with all new digital cameras it comes down to memory card speed and top shelf batteries. Use of no name batteries can easily short out the system or leak. I recommend that buyers spend the extra bucks on SDHC cards and a durable tripod. The Nikon Coolpix P90 comes packed with (1) EN/EL5 Li-ion rechargeable battery, battery charger, USB cable, audio/video cable, strap, lens cap, one year warranty and software cd.Even with its limitations indoors, seasoned point and shoot owners will undoubtedly enjoy all the bells and whistles that are packed on to this camera. As with all point and shoots the bottom line is convenience. Overall, for the price tag the Nikon P90 brings a lot to the table.