I had read many negative reviews of the P90 and I was a bit wary of purchasing one, but my P80 was recently stolen and I could not find another to replace it with so I went with the P90.  I am really happy with the upgrade.  The p90 takes excellent, sharp photos both indoors and out.  I have had no trouble with blurry images of poor quality as other reviews have stated.  I press the shutter button once to focus on the area I plan to shoot and then again when I am ready to snap the picuture.  I am no professional and my pictures with the P90 have turned out with just as good quality as DSLR cameras can take.  The only thing lacking w/ the P90 vs. a DSLR camera is the shutter lag, but again...the P90 is a point and shoot camera NOT a DSLR.  I like the tilt LCD, and the ease of use.  The image format is compatible with my Adobe software and that's all I need.  I love taking pictures of my kids when they are playing and I have captured many wonderful shots of them.  This is an excellent camera for the novice photographer who does not understand all of the tech specs of shooting with a DSLR camera.  The camera is light and easy to travel with vs. taking the DSLR on a family vacation with all its lenses and extra weight.  The rechargeable battery lasts a long time even with heavy shooting and I have a spare so that I can re-charge one and have it ready when the one in the camera runs down.  This is one advantage that Nikon has over other super zoom cameras.  I do not like having to use the rechargeable AA or AAA batteries because they just do not last as long as the Nikon rechargeable battery does.  The Nikon batteries also take up less space in your camera bag.  I am very satisfied with this camera!  As for the negative reviews, maybe the camera was defective or maybe some setting was not adjusted right.  I do not know.  All I know is ... I am very glad that I went ahead and purchased this great camera and did not let the negative reviews that I read put me off!  This one is definitely a KEEPER!