In short,  this is a light weight, easy to use camera that takes excellent pix and has a really good manual help to learn digital skills.  This is my first digital camera.  I am a fair to pretty good photographer with a film camera.  Did not want to spend a lot of money since I am just learning how to use digital.  With this camera I am now pretty good to  WOW WOW! Look what I did.  The camera is easy to use and I can get great pix.  I use the camera mostly for nature shots and outdoors.  I have taken pix of everything form crab spiders in the calyx of a plant to the moon.  Have had the camera for about seven months and am extremely happy with the product.  The manual is very easy to use and understand so it its helping me to learn this new skill.  I did not like the Nikon software that comes with the camera.  Big waste of time.  I use iphoto and Aperture III for downloading and editing.  I also use some of the nifty iphone photo apps to makes artsy shots.  I am also just learning how to use all of this software  but am enjoying creating and printing my own photos.  I would recommend getting the Nikon brand batteries and not the el cheapos.  The Nikon batteries spring out of the camera quickly.  The less expensive brand does not.  I bought two cheaper batteries and was very frustrated. Too hard to get out of the camera! I shoot a lot of pictures when I am rambling thru the natural world so need to change batteries quickly in dusty or dirty areas.  In about a year I plan to move up to a dslr  with a big honking telephoto and other fun lenses but until them I am very happy to shoot with this little guy.  My only problem seems to be not enough wall space to hang all the really cool images I have gotten with this point and shoot.  I notice some folks complaining about pix quality.  I had to learn to take a little more time when shooting.  This is a digital camera so it takes a few seconds for the camera to set up and meter a shot.  Watch the monitor to see that the camera has everything set.  It is not like a film camera so you cannot just fire away.  Also, choosing the right setting is important.  This is also something a beginner has to learn.  Again, if you are willing to learn this is a great entry level camera.