I researched this camera, read the reviews and decided it sounded good despite the negative reviews.  I received one camera a couple of weeks ago, took pictures and LOVED it!  So I uploaded the pictures into my computer and they were terrible.  They had chunks of the picture that were discolored and looked like they were not in the same place at the rest of the picture.  So I tried all sorts of things to figure out if it was my computer, the camera, the card, etc.  I printed them at the store... fine.  I uninstalled the software and uploaded the newest version and I called customer support.  They told me to send it in for repair.  I did not want to that because it was BRAND NEW, so I returned it.  Amazon shipped me another one super fast and I received it a few days later.  Uploaded my pictures... same problem.  The computer says they are corrupted.  I call customer support and they tell me that the memory card I am using is not authorized for the camera and that's the problem.  So they recommend I take out the card and use the internal memory of the camera to take pics, upload them and it should be fine.  So I do this and they are the same as the other bad ones.  So I call customer support again and they tell me that 'this is strange' and that I need to send it in for repair.  So I have two of these cameras and they both do this.  I want to keep the camera because I really liked it, but two cameras in a row doing this has made me lose all confidence in the camera.  Could the problem be in my computer?  Maybe... they do not know, but they do not think so.  The only way to find out is to send it in for repair and if they can not find anything wrong, it must be something in my computer or software but they do not know how to tell me to check that or fix it.  And by the time I get it back from repair, it is past the return deadline for Amazon, so I am stuck with it if it does not work.  I am bummed because it was a very promising camera.  Wonder if anyone else has had this problem??  Amazon was great about the return and probably will be about the second return too.