I am used to using Nikon's full-sized DSLRs with vertical grips and the wonderful Nikon VR lenses.  I love them dearly and will always use them as my cameras of choice.I had purchased a Coolpix 8800 a few years ago and gave it mediocre reviews.  It is much larger, again, with the vertical grip, but it is rugged and works well, although it has a relatively small file-size, dimmer eye-level viewer and smaller screen.  It allows me lots of versatility, but I wanted something smaller, with larger file-sizes.The P90 offers that, far better movie choices and many more options for shooting right out of my purse.  This is a camera that can give me professional quality and versatility in non-flash situations that are unmatched by other grab cameras without the bulk of my professional systems.The lack of range of f-stops loses versatility in important areas.  It has no hot shoe, so it can only be gerry-rigged for complex flash situations.  I really do not plan to use it on that level.  It uses 4-1 compressed JPEG images, which take the quality down a bit and has no option for RAW images or uncompressed TIFFs.  The zoom seems jumpy, but that may just be a situation where I need practice.At extreme optical and digital zoom, combined with the best VR system I have used, it produce some very nice results hand-held.  I can hardly wait for my next encounter with the red tail hawk in the marsh next to my home!  It's also nice to have an actual wide-angle option.One of the main reasons I purchased this unit is that I love Arches and Canyonlands NPs and last year when I was there, in the high desert, the winds howeled!  The downside of that was dust on the sensors in my D-SLRs, even the self-cleaning D90 and DX300.  There is no worse feeling than getting back to a motel, uploading hundreds of photos, and finding that you have to retouch virtually every one.  Welcome back to film!  With a sealed system,I can wander all over and not worry about dust!So far, I have only had the camera a few days, I have not taken any spectacular shots to share.  I still have not taken anything I would want at 20X30, so I'll reserve judgement on compressed JPEGs.  They may be better than I expect.  I found that I love the 'food' scene mode!  It has a color temperature adjustment right onscreen.  Since this will be an available light camera (I despise on-camera flash), this will be a useful mode.I will probably update this report after I have done some meaningful shooting.  A 4gig SD card holds almost 650 shots, so quality is going to be a big issue.  The battery has a limited life, so I will be purchasing extras.  I just have to remember it is a backup!  If it is a good one for me, it will be the best camera the average amateur will ever own, and that is not ego talking.  I am just uber-picky...1-2-10  I have had the camera long enough now to find some features I really like and also some that are very irritating.  I have to remember it is just a backup!I found that there are some great quick adjustments in scene modes, such as a color temperature adjustment for the food mode.  I love the 15fps feature in sports mode, be be aware that the file-sizes are greatly reduced.  The movie modes are fine, despite having limited zoom options.  You can still zoom long ahead of shooting or stay wide-angle, depending on the situation.  Not HD-quality, but I am not a videographer and for my purposes, if I see a UFO, I will be ready to shoot!  I CCD-based vibration control is great and the digital zoom is actually pretty decent.On the down-side, I feel that the zoom is hard to control precisely, and can really be a disadvantage.  Because I like a lot of control, I hate the on-camera flash with no option to use external flash via a hot-shoe.  I can still slave other flashes if needs be.  As I feared, not having a RAW option is a disadvantage.  Compressed JPEGs show degredation of images and 12.1 MP ends up being about the same quality as my old 8.1 MP Coolpix 8800 set for TIFF. I have not been impressed with the color correction and graininess of the images in low available light.  Going into this purchase, I knew I would not care for the LCD eyepiece.  It's better than the one on the Coolpix 8800, but does not come close to the optical finders in the DSLRsI just have to remind myself that I bought the unit to carry in my purse or daypack as a grab camera and it is not for general use!  Once I take some better photos, I'll put them up.  Right now, we are in the grey part of the year and there is not much I want to shoot.  In another month, the snow will be great, and my dog and I will be traveling the winter trails.  Hopefully, I'll be traveling several pounds lighter!9-16-11  I have found that the only time this camera exposes well is when I am using daylight with manual controls.  It vignettes more than I at first thought, which is really annoying.  The compressed ratio of 7 on JPEGs  reduces the shadow detail to the point that it is often so muddy that a good shot is wasted for serious use.I can not really use it for anything serious, although I have to say it does a pretty decent job of shooting time-lapse scenes, which is fun, but not overly useful unless I decided to produce some low-budget Koyaanisqatsi.  I liked the food mode to start with, but it is incredibly difficult to balance light, again, not for serious use.  It's just a well-featured point-and-shoot, with no real use for a professional.One more thing, and it is now happening fairly often.  I am getting ther dreaded lens-jam and system-freeze.  This is not easy to fix, although I have been able to bring it back to operational with some fiddling each time.  This is not accptable.  I used to haul around an F5 and two F3s, and even being beaten ceasely by me in the field, the never failed.  They were real Nikons.  This is just something they threw out so point 'n shooters could pretend they had a Nikon.  I do not know what this, but it is not what I consider a real Nikon.I just purchased a D5100 which will replace it as my grab camera, another mistake.  I had hoped I could use it on a professional basis because of size and weight, but it does not have a depth of field button, which I need, the controls are more like point-and-shoot, and even with small hands it feels like am awkward grab-camera.  I'll upgrade it with a D7000...fell for the swivel screen and cheap price...my other bad.I have decided to give the P90 to my daughter.