I have had many cameras and use a pro SLR for most of my photography, I needed some thing to carry around when I do not want to haul the SLR/lenses. This camera is not the smallest and does not easily fit in a small bag, definitely not a pocket. But I had to sacrifice size for features and optical zoom.Lets start with the pros:1. Great control, from shooting for dummies to full manual. The PASM dial mode is great. The closest thing to an SLR you can get in a non SLS2. Optical zoom is wonderful, the range is awesome 24X is quite amazing in a small package like this. But there are drawback, read in the cons section3. 3' screen is great and has the smart variable angle to allow shooting from down low or up high. Thats all you really need, all these screens that swivel and rotate are just more fragile stuff asking to be broken. Nikon really did what a photographer needs.4. Image quality is OK, I have seen better on a 10MP camera. The color accuracy is good and noise level is great up to ISO 800. They have ISO 1600 3200 and even 6400 but forget it its way too noisy and useless. I setup my Auto Iso limit to 800.5. Manual focus capability is great to have but it comes with a baggage, read cons section.6. The usual Scene modes are available but not so easy to navigate and select. There are 2 programmable user modes that can be set for the most used scenes. Its a nice helpful feature.7. Quality of the camera feels good and solid but there are issues. Read on.Now for the Cons:1. Macro mode is just OK, it does the job but I have seen better. If you zoom out the feature is too small and if you zoom in you need to be feet away.2. Manual focus is slow to operate and once you invoke manual focus there is no simple one click to go back to AF. You actually have to change camera modes. Very annoying as I use MF a lot and wan to be able to switch back and forth easy.3. Strong lens vignetting at full zoom if the light is not perfect. Dont be tempted to crank up the ISO cause the noise will be even worst with the strong vignetting.4. Battery life is not great when using the screen, if using the EVF the battery last long.5. EVF is very useful but could use a higher resolution.Overall after taking about 3000 pics in all modes and conditions I can summarize that this is a great overall camera, its not the smallest one but if you need the huge zoom range, the manual controls and the view finder that is about as good as it gets. I strongly recommend having a second battery and have a decent tripod cause this camera is not the smallest and for a good night shot you must have a tripod.