I read all of the reviews for this camera on Amazon and other sites prior to purchasing.  I am not a professional photography, but I am a journalist, I need good quality photos from anywhere, anytime.  As far as my photos go?  They are excellent, I mean, you are not going to get magazine ready photos unless you know what you are doing, but there's two automatic settings for amateurs, which is what I use the most because when I am taking candid photos, I do not really have time to sit there and fiddle with the exposure or anything else.The zoom is for days!  I love it.  They are great for taking photos at a football game, or anywhere you can not be up close and personal.The only bad thing I have to say about the camera is that the battery door IS flimsy.  I saw the comments on it so I was cautious with my camera when I first got it.  Since the memory card is in the same spot at the batteries, you have to open the door to get your photos, but, the camera comes with its cords.  So I make sure I always have my cord with me everywhere and I always use it to take pictures off of my camera.The lens cap is pretty 'flimsy' too.  The cap itself is fine, but it is not a cap that you squeeze on the sides so it unlatches and latches to your camera, it just slides on.  Which means it comes off pretty easy.  But, when I am holding my camera bag in one hand and pulling my camera out with the other.  I do not really have any hand to take the cap off with, so it is nice sometimes to be able to just scoot it off by dragging the lens against the inside of my camera bag.I do not think the camera is very fragile.  I have dropped my camera once because the strap got caught on the corner of a corner when I went to pick my camera up.  It did not land on the lens though, the bottom of my camera where the batteries are hit the floor, and my door burst open and my batteries rolled everywhere, but everything still works perfectly fine.In all honestly, you could a small, compact digital camera from Sony or even Fuji as well for the same price, and the same quality camera.  But I choose to buy the FinePixS2950 because I like have something sturdy to hold in my hands, and I LOVE the viewfinder.  It's a legit viewfinder, what you see, is what you get.  I had a Sony CyberShot that I loved, but when the screen cracked and I was resorted to using the viewfinder, I noticed if I zoomed in all the way.. my picture was completely off of what I wanted to take a photo of.  This Fuji has an electronic view finder though, which also means I can switch from the LCD screen when it is sunny outside and see what I am doing.I LOVE my camera, and it is worth the money.