I bought an earlier version of this Fujifilm camera because of my wonderful experience with the Fujifilm S5700.  I wanted the wider 28mm zoom on this model, and so I thought I was 'upgrading'.The S2950 uses AA batteries, which are easy to find.  Someone who takes only 300 or 400 photos each year could put in a set of AA lithium batteries, and only change batteries once a year.With 'precharged' AA rechargeable batteries, you can get more than 600 photos per charge without flash, or about 200 photos per charge if you use the flash for every photo. Because the batteries can be recharged several hundred times, you can get several years of use from a set of batteries.In fact, I have found that getting good photos from this camera requires some thought, and some work.  My best results have come from using the 'Aperture Mode' and locking the ISO at ISO 64 and the Aperture at f/4.  In good sunlight, most photos are reasonably good, although the camera tends to shift blues toward purple, and reds toward orange.Most of my family and friends have dark brown skin tones, which the S2950 shifts toward greenish-brown or orange-brown, especially with flash photos.  The results with paler 'anglo' skin tones are better, with the camera adding a bit of ruddiness to pale skin that looks attractive.In various auto modes, the results are often poor, as the camera selects ISO 400 even in good light, resulting in photos that are grainy and lack fine detail, contrast, and color saturation.  The solution is to use manual modes, lock the ISO at ISO 64 and f/4.The BIGGEST problem is that my camera has focus problems in temperatures above about 90 degrees.  In Texas, afternoon temperatures stay above 90 degrees from the end of April to the beginning of October.  Shooting outdoors in the summer requires taking each photo two or three times, in hopes that one photo will be sharply focused.The strong point of this camera is that it sells for half the price of comparable Panasonic and Canon cameras.  Among 'Super Zooms', the S2950 is a real bargain...worth the extra work it takes to get good photos if you want a 'Super Zoom' and are on a tight budget.Buy it if you are willing to WORK at getting good photos, and you are willing to take a photo two or three times to get one good picture.  However, if you want a camera that you can just turn on, snap away on automatic, and get great results, this is NOT the camera for you.