I purchased this camera from QVC (it was their special value for that day) on their easy pay plan.I began using this camera out of the box, on its auto settings indoors; it takes some very impressive photos. I was happy to see that my min pin did not suffer the usual 'I am a vicious red eyed dog' look. To compare the usefulness of the flash, I took photos in absolute darkness and then used the flash. It was great to see that the flash really did its thing without the great wash out effect. The flash worked just as well in regular settings that required it.I used the other features for the photos I am going to describe in this paragraph. I work in the buildings behind the World Trade Center so taking pictures of the progress from our office is priceless. On this camera, the pictures are the kind that everyone who visits wishes they could take from this view. I had no light 'bounce back' from the several floors of newly installed windows on the Freedom Tower (still under construction). The zoom feature is so amazing that I was able to zoom in on a worker cleaning out one of the reflecting pools. It was not a blurry 'it could be anything' picture, you can clearly see him, the color of his skin, shirt, jeans and the hose he was using. I also have views of the Statue of Liberty, the surrounding islands and New Jersey. I used the zoom on these photos, again, amazing clear detailed photographs.I am still an amateur when it comes to using this camera but honestly you do not need major brains to figure this guy out. There are several settings for babies, snow, beach, flowers, night etc. Every one of the pictures I took with each of these settings came out VERY nice and clear with no doubt of what you just photo did. You can take videos and also use the view finder. The camera is able to use any size SD card (I have 16Gs in mine) and standard AA batteries (this one needs four). My advice is get two sets of good rechargeable batteries. It is less expensive in the long run and you will always be ready to capture anything you find interesting.An instruction manual is included for those who may have trouble figuring out certain settings or icons. There are manual settings which are good for those 'professionals' who are tired of dragging around their heavy telescopes (I see your types when you come to visit us in NYC) around their necks but still want to get that quality shot.In my opinion, this is a serious step up for anyone who still owns a pocket camera because of the quality of the zoom, panorama, pixels and other features that pocket cameras lack.