I bought this as an upgrade for a point n shoot camera. I am not anything near a professorial photographer. I do, however take tons of photos.I have had this camera for a little over a month now (I have taken hundreds of pics with it already). It was a long road getting to this purchase weeks of research, I even bought a $200 point n shoot camera that I was simply unimpressed with... the pictures were no better than my $80 camera that I wanted to upgrade from. Then, I stumbled across this one. At first, I found the 'body only' version, but seeing as I know nothing about lenses, I sought out the kit instead.I am very happy with the camera and the pictures it takes. The basic settings are intuitive and easy to use once you have discovered them. I have not noticed any artifacts from pictures that were taken in less than ideal lighting (and then brightened on my computer), which was my biggest problem with the old camera.The included lens covers an acceptable range for my needs. If you want to take pictures further than 20 feet away from a subject, you may want another lens. Also, you may want another lens for macro photography (the included lens does ok up to a point, but you may have trouble getting pictures of makers marks in jewelry, for example).Good news is that macro attachments are available pretty cheap. Zoom lenses on the other hand, not so much, but there are adapters that let you use many brands of lenses (you lose the auto focus, though) I have been looking for an inexpensive, clean looking lens to show up at my local second hand store, but no luck yet.The LCD does leave something to be desired, but they sell an eyepiece that is supposed to remedy that... it is kinda pricey, so I do not have one just yet. The built in screen is ok, but you miss a lot of fine detail, such as background blur, which, if you were trying to take amazing photos, you did want to see clearly. Without it, you just have to hope that the focus is where it says it is/where you want it, and that the blur is right.. or take several pictures. It's not like you are wasting film.So the screen is not amazing. This is really my biggest gripe, but I do not think it comes down to the quality of the screen, it is more the size, and they could not have put a much bigger screen on the camera, so there you go.I recommend getting a screen protector right away. The screen is protected by plastic, and I have heard it can scratch pretty easily.