After years of fighting the tide, I finally decided to make the serious plunge to go digital. While using a Minolta Maxxum 7000 and 9000 for years, I also use a Contax IR4 digital I purchased some years ago and, while the image quality and features were great for it is size, I really wanted a digital with a viewfinder (too much playing trombone to see the screen with my old eyes for cameras without a v/f). After much research, I finally settled on the Olympus EPL2.  I liked the advantage of changeable lenses and preferred the smaller body size which makes this camera more convenient when traveling.  Features!... this is quite literally a case of ten pounds of corn in a two pound sack!  While a nicely designed package, this camera has more operations and settings than the space shuttle!  Talk about a steep learning curve!  Not terribly intuitive, so you have to spend time... a LOT of time with the manual. Now, here's the problem... the paper manual is like a Mk.I version... has most of the information but not all and certainly not some very important instructions.  Nooo, these are on the included CD in a .pdf version of the Mk.II manual.  So unless you are going to carry a laptop with you into the field, you will need to either print out the entire CD manual, or go through page by page and print out the missing pieces and make an addendum for your handy paper manual!Well, I have been reading and working with the EPL2 for about two days now and I am beginning to learn how to navigate the many and varied menus.  I have no doubt once I learn to navigate the menus and tailor the buttons to my needs, this camera will be rewarding to use.As for feel... I am mixed.  I appreciate it is light weight, but still it feels somehow rather cheap in materials used to make it.  I wish there were more of a metal feel to the body... aluminum frame... or titanium!  A camera with the capabilities of this one should not feel like a ten dollar plastic throwaway.  Perhaps this can be user improved with a nice leather halfcase.The optional VF2 electronic viewfinder is wonderful!  Clear, bright, and fully adjustable.  While initially pricey, to my eyes it is far worth the money spent!