This fourth iteration of the Olympus digital PEN line is the best.  Sharpness is outstanding with excellent lenses and noise is reasonably well controlled up to ISO 800.  If you do a comparison with the DPReview RAW image comparison widget, you'll see that noise and sharpness are very similar to the Canon 7D up to ISO 800 or better, but in a much smaller, lighter package costs only 1/3 the price.  The 7D is superior to the EPL2 in some areas, but low to medium ISO image quality, cost, and compactness are not among them.There's no question that the EPL2's ergonomics are not optimum for the enthusiast user but they are more than adequate in the hands of someone with a reasonable amount of photo knowledge.  The convoluted menu system is certainly among the areas that the EPL2, and all Olympus cameras, fall short of the best.  (Canon's shooting menu accessed by the center OK button is far superior in that regard.)The EPL2 and EPL1 are very suitable for casual users.  The green full auto mode setting produces, on average, some of the best JPEG files that you'll find without the need for much user input.  It's easy for highly knowledgeable photographers to sneer at less sophisticated users but's that not only mean but shortsighted.  Any camera that can produce good large sensor RAW images for knowledgeable users yet capable of good results by novices is a good camera.The revised 1442mm Mark II lens is definitely sharper in my own use than almost any other kit lens that I have used or reviewed, especially at the usually troublesome wide angle settings.  Check out the review of this lens at[..] for a quantifiable evaluation.Two of the prime benefits of any PEN series Micro Four Thirds are the incamera image stabilization and the ability to mount other lenses while retaining full autofocus and auto exposure functionality.  As a result, you can use some of the very reasonably priced and truly excellent Olympus FourThirds lenses (35mm/f3.5 and 50mm/f2 ) via Olympus's MMF2 adapter.  You can also use the excellent Panasonic Micro Four Thirds 20mm/f 1/7 prime lens while retaining full image stabilization (something that's not even possible when that same Panasonic lens is mounted on a Panasonic camera!)I bought the EPL2 with the two lens kit that includes a lightweight 40150mm telephoto zoom.  The included MN.Zuiko telephoto zoom is compact and sharp enough, but the older ED Zuiko 40150mm zoom, which can be used on this Micro FourThirds camera via the MMF2 adapter, is sharper.  Sadly, the older ED lens and adapter kit, which was a fabulous value when selling for under $200 including the $130 MMF2 adapter, is now substantially more expensive and no longer nearly as good a value.