I will not repeat what others have said but wanted to point out a few issues that I have had with my camera.The monitor screen got scratched on mine during normal use. I have never scratched a screen on any of my digital cameras or cell phones before. This camera was brand new and stored in a a brand new camera case when it was not being used. The monitor screen ended up with a bunch of tiny scratches during normal use during the first few weeks I owned it and brought it on vacation. It should not be possible to make tiny scratches as the screen should be hardened to the extent where only a major impact puts a scratch on it, and that would create a deep scratch not a bunch of tiny ones that are more indicative of the plastic just being too soft.In my situation, I realized that the screen was just too soft likely defective. The screen obviously sticks out and rubs against your shirt when it is being used and it needs to be able to rub against things like shirt buttons. They designed it so that the screen is the outermost part of the camera back so it will always be resting against something when in the case of hung from the neck strap.Anyway, Olympus failed to honor the warranty on the screen despite the fact that it was defective and became scratched way too easily during normal use. They do not even allow for twoway communication with their warranty process. They simply state that the camera needs to be sent in and they'll make their own determination as to whether it is a covered repaired. It's interesting to note that the only way to make that determination would have been to contact me and ask me how I used the camera in order to determine how the scratches got there. They never contacted me other than to send a repair estimate without explanation. They are not interested in customer feedback at all.The second item has to do with the fact that the movie button is located on the back right side of the camera right near where your thumb normally goes when gripping the camera. This creates a situation where the button gets inadvertantly pressed on occassion. You really have to be careful to not to accidently press it during normal use. It especially happens because the camera normally gets pressed against your thumb during normal holding of the camera the weight of the camera pulls it downward and to the left, and your thumb naturally prevents the camera from falling out of your grip. So despite being careful with the movie button, it is still way to easy to accidently press it. I can not believe they did not figure this out during testing.The photos are nothing special and the placement of the movie button really makes it a hassle to quickly a picture. The poor customer service from Olympus ensures that I'll never buy from them again.