I am coming from the bridge cameras that have been popular lately, point and shoot cameras with settings and options like DLSRs with better picture quality and bigger sensors but low price tags and no lens options.I have had this Olympus Pen EPL2 for about a week now and I love it.  The picture quality and color vibrancy is wonderful, and I am having those covetable DLSR photos without reading the manual completely.  I have barely touched it, and I realize that the intuitiveness of changing options is very good.  The autofocus is wonderful.  WONDERFUL.  Spot focus?  Wonderful!There's even an option for those of us who are afraid to change some settings that simplifies the process.. options like a bar with blurry background on one side and full focus on the other.  There are art filters, and scene filters that take the guesswork out of creating good looking photos.The lens kit the camera comes with is not bad.  It does not operate spectacularly in low light, so I am going to purchase the Panasonic 20mm and the Oly 45mm.  Since this is my first  areal' camera, the lens seem especially pricy for me, but I am aware that in order to have great photos in all situations and great speed I will have to get these lenses.The camera feels good in your hands and if you hold it like you used to hold cameras you'll find you do not even miss the viewfinder that is not present.  I do not find the record button to be in the way of my natural hold, but I can see where if someone did hold their camera just a bit different it would be a problem.  I like the feel of it.  I love the feel of it.The included flash is pretty reasonable considering it is an attached flash.  You have to manually raise it even if you have the settings set to flash.  Flash intensity is easy to dial down, though I have not found the option yet for timing the flash.  I suppose I'll have to pull that manual out after all.Again, I am no photographer but I do enjoy taking good photos for posterity's sake and this camera fits the bill wonderfully.  My pets have never looked better.