Been using mine for almost a year (since Feb '11) and loving it. Friends and family (who are beginners and enthusiasts w/ D700/5DII) whom have tried and seen the results from my camera ended up buying/considering the same or similar m43 camera.As for the camera itself, the upgrades over the EPL1, such as better LCD, scroll wheel, improved kit lens (1442mm II) and redesigned body, increased the fun and usability factors. With the stuff (below) I have bought for use with the EPL2, I think my set is pretty much complete: Panasonic 20/1.7  lowlight and 'normal' like (40mm equivalent) pancake lens for almost any situation Olympus 45/1.8  lowlight and portrait Olympus 918  UWA, also a good walkaround lens because it goes to 36mm equiv. Olympus 40150  small and light tele zoom Olympus VF2  bright, highres EVF for better MF and usability during bright sunny days Metz 50 AF1  powerful, full/wireless TTL, highspeed sync (up to 1/4000s) flash with upgradable firmware via USB a bunch extra batteries (from 3rdparty manuf.)I can fit all of that in a small satchel, but I normally just bring the EPL2 w/ the 918, 20/1.7, 45/1.8, and VF2 with me.That said, the EPL2 and kit lens alone are more than capable of producing great results. As kit lens go, the 1442mm II is actually pretty good and is worth keeping. It is very sharp, and has fast and quiet AF. Unlike your typical DSLR kit lens (from Nikon/Canon), it is internally focusing, with nonrotating front element (good for polarizers) and have a decent focusing ring. Also, it is very small and light.The reason I picked this over competing mirrorless are... IBIS (inbody image stabilization), so practically any lens I mount, including vintage SLR ones, are stabilized hotshoe and builtin popup flash  NEX 3/5 do not have these wireless trigger off camera flash with TTL from the builtin popup flash m43 lens selection accessory port to attach stuff like the highres VF2 expansive menu system and customization, so you can set the autoiso range, reassign button functions, create presets, etc. off camera JPEGs  less time doing PP = more time shootingFinally, some minor gripes: proprietary usb off center tripod no AF assist lamp nor does it use the AF assist lamp on my flash 720p only and no efficient video encodingIt should be noted that the EPL2 (and other CSC) is not meant to be pocketable like a P&S although I routinely put mine in a coat pocket. But, the EPL2 plus a couple m43 lenses are very portable indeed; way more than a comparable DSLR + lenses. You will always have this with you and you would not attract much attention to yourself since you are not pointing a bazooka at people. Not only that, you do not need to get a big camera bag, heavier tripod, larger lens filters  basically more expensive accessories that you normally would with a DSLR as the entire system is smaller.