It's funny what you can get accustomed to.  I held off buying serious digital camera until I felt they were good enough to equal or surpass 35mm film.  I had a couple small sensor SLRs and pretty soon ended up with a D700 for low light and a 5DII for everything else.  I never thought I could put up with the size and weight of these monsters but when I look at the images, man, its worth it.  Of course I still needed a pocket camera and through various Canons, Lumixes and Ricoh GRDs, I learned to live with the image quality in exchange for the small size.  But what if I could have botha small, lightweight camera that produced images that were first rate in any situation and not too noticeably lower in quality than what my SLRs produce.  Well, not yet, I am afraid.The new Pens and m4/3 in general have a lot going for them, both for the user who gets access to interchangeable lenses and the manufacturer who gets to sell interchangeable lenses.  My first impression of the photos was very positive but when I looked closer I saw very oversharpened jpegs (white line or halo around all edges) and with the sharpening turned down or with RAW, things looked a bit flat and soft.  Not terrible by any means and with Olympus' very punchy colors a casual user would probably be delighted.  The next step was to try a lens other than the kit lens.  I tried the Olympus 918 and the Panasonic 20mm.  The 918 was a little worse than the kit lens (but lots of fun) and the 20mm was a little better.  But still, the images still looked very similar to what I got from my tiny LX5.  Pretty good but not great.  Less noise with the Pen, of course, but still a lack of fine detail.  This is a subtle thing because you are literally looking for what is not there but the fact remains.  Other Olympus models or Lumix m4/3 cameras may do better if they have a lighter antialiasing filter, which I have found really does make a big difference but that's another topic.I do not usually do these pros and cons but since they are so pronounced with this camera, I think it makes sense:Good:  Size, weight, price, ease of use, versatility, builtin stabilization, extensive menus with clear nomenclature, builtin flash with high elevation, kit lens is pretty sharp at 14mm end, extremely punchy color (if you like this), tons of lens options.Not so good:  Image quality a little better than much smaller cameras, LCD not visible with sun behind you, short battery life, fairly frequent difficulty focusing (or just slow), use of old lenses sounds like fun but in practice is rather awkward and they do not always perform that well (Olympus has a good explanation for this on their site).  If you accumulate enough lenses, add the electronic finder, etc, you have pretty much built a small SLR outfitnot a bad thing, but you are taking a long route to get there.So, if your current camera is an Elph, an LX3/LX5, Ricoh GR, S95, etc, run, do not walk to get a micro 4/3 camera.  You will see a definite increase in photo quality especially in low light.  If you have a lot of old lenses and like to experiment this is a fantastic, lowcost way to do so.  (Just $20 for an adapter!)  However, if your regular camera is a D90 or a 7D, let alone a full frame camera, be aware that you'll be giving up a lot in exchange for a m4/3 camera.  I know, everything looks great at 72dpi and with all the interest these cameras will certainly improve (more expensive ones are probably better right now).  But for me, this EP2L is not there yet.