Got into photography almost 3 years ago.  Took lots of pictures with various point & shoot cameras for many years before that but not really paid a whole lot of attention until said date when I purchased a DSLR and went on an oversea vacation.  That's when it changed from taking snap shots to a hobby.In the last couple years my young son started showing keen interest in photography particularly in closeups of bugs and flowers.  I have been wanting to get another camera that's capable of macro and portraiture to complement what I have, something not as heavy or 'obvious'.  This Pen EPL2 fits the bill and is much smaller and lighter.  Photo quality wise, IMO it matches the DSLR in some regards and lags a little in others, partly a function of the accompanied lenses and how much I am willing to spend to close the gap.  And partly my skill.  I love the skin tone it produces which is gorgeous and flattering.  Photo opportunity wise, the little guy sometimes surpasses due to its readiness and stealthy nature.Here are the lenses I use to maximize the varied styles of photography we enjoy:  a. Oly Kit 1442 lens with Oly wide converter for general photography plus the occasional wide angle shots (to 11mm).  b. Oly 40150 lens with Oly macro converter for telephoto and up to almost 1:1 macro on the long end.  This is sought after as I get to zoom during closeup framing.  c. Panny 20mm f1.7 for street photography and low light situations.  The 35mm equivalent focal length due to the 2x crop factor is 40mm, making it an ideal all around fast pancake.  Combined with the inbody image stabilization this is quite the app.  d. Oly 45mm f1.8 for portraiture and short telephoto.  This combination produces very sharp, luminous and detailed photos plus the great ability for shallow depth of field to give you the separation of in_and_out of focus subjects.  If you are curious, yes the bokeh is lovely.I am delighted by the large selection of M43 lenses and accessories available.  Frankly with just one lens, you can do alot and some may argue that's all you need.  But I am extremely happy with how far this system can take me today.  The camera itself looks retro, comes from the stellar Pen lineage, and is equipped with many manual adjustment buttons and dials which I like.  One of my favorite features is with the ease in which one can adjust exposure compensation + or  and see in real time what the photo will look like on the LCD before clicking the shutter.  Focus comes in Single or Continous, auto and auto/manual, as well as face recognition, plus get this: tracking.  Easy to capture the shot and stay in focus. The focus speed and accuracy are more than good enough for me.Another benefit is that all this equipment fits into a small/medium sized bag and combined weigh very little.  I can carry it for days and not get sore at all.  One negative is that at this point, Olympus only offers one external flash, and it is not very good.  But I guess newer and better ones will be coming.Finally, the HD video feature.  When the optional viewfinder is mounted, I can shoot video in a dark theatre without bothering patrons nearby as the bright LCD is recessed.  Both the HD video as well as the mono audio are quality stuff, especially in a pinch.  The 720P shown on my 25 inch monitor is very sharp.  I used the EPL2 and the Panasonic 20mm lens combination the other day for my daughter's ballet performance, and it turned out better than what I could ask for.  Until I get a dedicated camcorder with a large sensor, in most situations the EPL2 will do fine.  Did I mention it is discreet?  Highly recommend.Over Christmas I brought only this camera for a Disney trip, and it was perfect.  I still think that each the M43 and the DSLR formats has its pros and cons.  When it is time for a smaller outfit, this is really fantastic.  If I am doing a photo shoot where I need the ultimate in photo quality and accessories, I did stay with the DSLR.Finally added up the weight: the EPL2 body plus the 20mm f/1.7 lens combined weighs roughly 360g to 380g.  That is less than the weight of the Nikon 60mm prime lens alone at 435g, or close to the Tokina 35mm lens alone at 350g. That's really amazing if weight is a factor.Found here at Amazon on 2/28/12 a wonderful third party flash unit: Nissin Speedlite Di 466 FT Four Thirds Digital Flash for Olympus and Panasonic Cameras. Yippee!!It is July 2012 and I have sold the EPL2 and replaced it with the EP3.  EP3 has a metal body and wow that feels completely different, very solid hunk of a tool. Images are about the same, maybe just a tad better.  The overall speed is faster and the touch focus and shutter screen works nicely.  I love the PEN series.  I have sold a number of lenses in my pursuit to become more creative with photography and now have just 3 prime lenses:  Panasonic 14mm and 20mm, plus Olympus Four Third 50mm f2 Macro.  I have placed an order for the wide angle lens converter (part # DMWGWC1) for the 14mm which will bring the FOV to 11mm for more dramatic view.  We'll see how it works out.