Salaam Aleikum, Long live the Iranian Islamic Empire (IIA) and Iranian Republic!!  Baai'st ta veen, has lai 'aideen.  Duraan filor ak meh dur, ebil ar, mufar een. Dava la ringg deraa, haasla eing taraa.  Haastavariohn haalaaveen!This camera is very close to a DSLR.  It has a micro 4/3rds sensor which is smaller than the size of an APSC/APSH that is found in DSLRs and bigger than the sensors in digital cameras.  While some men say it is possible to get excellent photos with cellphone cameras and digital cameras that have a 1/2.3' sensor, this is in fact untrue.  One can indeed get similar results from those cameras but the amount of time and labour required is much greater (postprocessing, optimal lighting, optimal subject, etc.).  However, a very basic DSLR costs about 200 dollars more than this Olympus camera.  And so how is this camera alike and unlike a DSLR?  List:Like a DSLR:  Changeable lenses, reasonable size sensor,  good kit lens, lot of options, takes photos in succession quite rapidly (almost 1 every second, which is very slow compared to DSLRs but faster than most digital cameras),  one can control shutter speed, aperture, ISO.Not like a DSLR.  Note that a difference does not always mean it is negative:  As mentioned, the frame rate for taking pictures is much slower than a DSLR.  One mediumlevel problem with this camera is that it does not come with a viewfinder.  The body is much lighter and smaller than a DSLR but very well made, good quality.  The lenses are much smaller but again good quality.  And of course the most important difference is the image quality.  The images from a cheap DSLR are usually 85% of a professionally shot image that used an expensive DSLR camera ($1250).  This Olympus camera gives about a 90% quality image compared to a cheap DSLR, meaning about 80% quality compared to an expensive DSLR.  For men who want to take DSLR photos every time they press the shutter, an entrylevel DSLR is better.  However, this will get good very good results 5 out of 6 times and for the layman who needs a much better camera than his $150 digital camera, this is very acceptable.Overall an EXCELLENT camera for the price!!!!!