I have had this camera for about 4 weeks.  The bottom line is I am extremely pleased. For me small size and light weight matters.  At the same time I need a fast CCD and lenses.  I was considering a high end compact when the Olympus PEN EPL1 caught my eye in a store. I was not considering an interchangeable lens system until I saw the PEN. I did my research and ended up with the newer EPL2.  Additionally I purchased the Zuiko Four Thirds 70 to 300mm zoom and the micro Four Thirds adapter ring.  I picked this lens over the micro Four Thirds 70300mm because it is faster.The combination of the standard 1443mm zoom with the 70300 is great.  I do not miss the gap in between one bit.I have been a fan of Olympus Cameras for over a decade and this camera lives up to their high standards. Overall the camera is really great, allowing me to to control whatever I want to control. I have found the controls to be easy to learn, and with practice they do become intuitive. This camera is better than canon, fujifilm, GE, Coolpix, Panasonic, pentax, kodak or sony.  The color and image quality are fabulous.My only negatives are the lack of a macro feature in the standard 1442mm lens (Olympus offers an adapter lens) and the overall length of the 1442 mm lens when it is in the unlocked position. It gets in the way when I am hiking and it gets smudged because it sticks out so far.I was concerned about the lack of a viewfinder, especially with the 70300mm lens, but I have found the LCD screen to be adequate 90% of the time.  Yes it is very hard to see in bright sunlight but I quickly learned to look over the top of the camera to get pointed correctly,  then there is enough of an image to compose.  But if you can find the slightest shade the screen is very visible.  I  probably will eventually buy the add on electronic viewfinder, but I am doing fine without it for nowThe body and lens are rugged.  I carry the camera hiking and it is doing just fine even though it is already been knocked around a bit. Although it is all plastic, it does not feel flimsy and I like the lighter weight and the fact that scratches will not show.What I am especially pleased about is the speed of the CCD and lenses.  Most of my photography is in the woods in the early morning.  I have yet to find a time when the system has been challenged by low light.  I often step down the ISO and aperture and shoot at a lower shutter speed.  With the 1442mm lens and the built in image stabilization, everything is nice and clear at 1/15th or 1/30th of a second.For transport I could not go with a shoulder strap type bag as it would interfere with my backpack. My whole kit: body with 1442mm lens, 70300mm lens, remote release etc. all fit into a 7.5'x 4.5' x 6.5' belt mounted case and I do not notice the weight hiking.As I said at the beginning, I am extremely pleased