Originally, because of the price difference I decided to buy the Olympus EPL1. Although this is a nice camera, I found many aspects of the camera to be somewhat disappointing. For example, it is kit 1442mm kit lens was painfully slow in terms of autofocus, and sometimes would not focus at all when the lighting conditions were less than optimal. There were many times I had missed out on photo opportunities because the lens could not focus fast enough.I also did not like the overall design of the camera body on the EPL1. It's grip was to small for my large hands, and as such never felt comfortable in use. It's smaller screen was also recessed, allowing for dirt and dust debris to get caught in the edges and make cleaning  it annoying.The screen on back having a half the resolution of the EPL2 made it a requirement to buy a EVF. I often struggled in bright light to manually focus something sharp enough because of the poor screen on the EPL1.So how did the EPL2 compare? Well, in my opinion it is better in just about every regard.The EPL2 has a revised kit lens that not only is as sharp as the previous model, but contains only one moving part, and this less likely to break. This design change also improved the focusing speed dramatically, in both well lit environments, as well as poorly lit environments.The body design was also much improved over the EPL1 in my opinion. Although it is a little thicker, the new grip feels less awkward and instead more natural when shooting or  just holding the camera.The button layout seems more logically placed as well. The addition to a scroll wheel is a nice touch. I'll add kudos to Olympus for resisting any temptation to go with a touch screen design, I feel that this decision gives the EPL2 a handed advantage over competition like the Panasonic DMCGF2. Of course that's just my personal preference.The new screen on the EPL2 is great. The higher resolution and size, make manually focusing so much easier. It's also much easier to use in brighter day light conditions, when compared to the EPL1. I also love the fact that the screen is not recessed into the body, it makes it much easier to clean smudges, or dust from it.I am so happy with the performance of this camera and the image quality, I did recommend it over many entry level DSLR's I have used over the years.