These are just my initial thoughts about the EPL2, which I have been using for about a week.  I will add to this as necessary.I gave this camera a 5 star rating, mainly because it is SO enjoyable to use.  There are a couple things that would keep it from being a 5 star camera, but those are overshadowed by the sheer enjoyment of its use.One of these things is the lack of an AF assist lamp for low light.  Contrast AF has a bit of trouble in lower light situations, forcing you to (at times) either aim at a light source to get the AF to work properly, or manual focus.  The XZ1 offers an AF assist lamp... why not the EPL2?  Seems like an easy thing to add to a body that's bigger than the XZ1.  It would be a welcome addition, but the lack of it is by no means ruining the camera.Also, CAF is not great.  I am not sure if this is a facet of the contrast detect system, but it is not all that useful in tracking moving subjects, at least in my limited trials.  Sure, you can use the tracking AF, but that can be slow and a little tedious.Shutter delay could also be improved just a bit.RAW processing time is not great at all.  I could be wrong, but the XZ1 seemed faster in this area.  Luckily, the jpegs look amazing, so I'll likely use RAW only sparingly.Other than these things, so far I LOVE this camera.  It's incredibly fun to travel around with, and I take it EVERYWHERE, which is something I never did with my D300s and all my lenses.  The kit lens is pretty good for what it is, has a decent range (could use just a bit more tele), reasonable macro, and is quite sharp.  AND it is tiny, which is one of the best things about this camera... the TINY lenses.I had the Oly 17mm 2.8 and returned it for the Pany 14mm 2.5, which so far I LOVE.  Very fast AF with this lens (which focuses internally), and it is sharper than the Oly.The sensor in this camera is stellar.  For what it is, it really excels.  IQ is very good from this camera, much better than the XZ1 (which has much more noise at lower ISOs).  I do wish the ISO started at 100, and that the camera had a builtin ND filter like the XZ1, which is simply an amazing tool to have.  I have ordered an ND filter for bright days (which happen all the time here in Albuquerque NM).The bevy of lenses available spans a pretty good range, though I think both Panasonic and Olympus could be offering more fast prime lenses.  Many of Olympus' lenses really are not that fast... even their fast ones.  With a Panasonic 20mm 1.7 running around, you did think Oly could have at least made their 17mm a 2.0.Minor complaints aside though, this thing is a joy.  It has literally inspired me to take more photos, and in many more (and varied) situations, than ever before.  LOVE the micro 4/3 system.  I hope they keep releasing great accessories and lenses for me to enjoy.(Update)  Well I have been using the camera for a while now, and I find that I love it more and more every day.  I now have the Oly 918mm and the Pana 20mm lenses for it, in addition to the kit lens.  ALL lenses perform very admirably.  The 20mm AF is a little slow, but the lens is very nice.  The 918mm is great, very fast focus, and really sharp, especially in the center.  And the kit lens?  That little thing is a wonder.  The focusing is fast and accurate, and it is bloody sharp for a kit lens.  One of the best kit lenses I have used.Okay, now for the bad.  I considered dropping the rating of this camera by a star, but figured it is not claiming to be great at this particular feature, so I'll leave it alone.  Getting pics of fast moving subjects is a chore.  More than a chore.  It's a frustrating experience.  Why?  Well, first the 3fps is not stellar, but that's not really the main issue.  There are two real problems: One is the slideshow that happens in the evf while you are bursting (meaning you get to see each photo as it is taken, instead of just the continuing view of your subjects).  Now, this is an issue with most point and shoots (maybe all of them), so I can not knock the cam for it too much, but this camera being positioned as it is in the market, I would expect better.But the deal killer?  The continuous AF.  It sucks.  Bad.  I kid you not when I say it will move in and out of focus on a nonmoving subject, so getting it to stick to one that's all over the place?  Forget it.  And the tracking AF is terrible as well, unless you have got one subject, moving relatively slowly.  I have resigned myself to using the single AF, and just being as opportunistic as possible, which as you can imagine yields pretty lackluster results most of the time.Does this ruin the camera?  Nope.  It's an amazing little piece of hardware, and the lens line is great, and just getting better (Oly is coming out with both a 12mm f2, 75mm 1.8, and a 60mm 2.8 macro).  Photos are pretty clean up to 800 (though a small amount of noise is visible as low as 400), and still usable at 1600.  3200 is pushing it.  But for a sensor smaller than APSC, that's pretty great.  Colors are awesome and Oly jpeg processing is amazing.  There's a lot to like about this camera, and I think for what it is, it still deserves 5 stars.  But be clear this camera is not for sports, and even grabs of your fast moving little ones and pets can prove to be a chore.  Remember that and you'll be very happy.