This review considers not only the EPL2 by itself but also as a part of a system.I like the Olympus 4/3rds sensor and have used my Olympus e30 a lot both at home and on trips. Love the quality of its photos and the quality of the Olympus lenses. The Olympus FT system is slightly smaller and less expensive than other DSLR's of the same quality and speed. I have not owned a point and shoot camera in years although my wife gets some very fine shots with hers.As I added lenses to my FT system, the weight/bulk became considerable, especially on trips. So when the EPL2 was released, I sold off my e620 and all but two of my FT lenses to buy a micro four thirds system.The EPL2 adds features to the Penn line that earlier models needed, IMHO. I think it is the same sensor as the one used on my e30 with perhaps a more advanced jpg processor. I am well pleased with the camera for the reasons others have mentioned: small size, unobtrusiveness, quality lenses, quality of the photos, inbody image stabilization, etc.Every camera system is a compromise involving size, quality, and cost. I am quite happy with the size and quality of this system. As far as cost, you get what you pay for  although I think Olympus charges too much for the lens hoods, which did not come standard with any the mFT lenses, Olympus or Panasonic, that I have bought. Also the price of Olympus batteries is a bit much as well.For low light action shots (for me it is grandchildren at field sports or recitals, plays, important family parties, etc.) I still use my Olympus e30 and the 1260 or 50200 lenses, sometimes with a good flash. My EPL2 with a zoom lens struggles in those conditions. For everything else I now use my micro four thirds system.The pen EPL2 really needs the quality VF2 viewfinder when shooting outdoors, especially when using the 14150 or 75300 zoom. I find I use the viewfinder most of the time for that reason and also for the added stability when shooting. Also, it is an excellent viewfinder; I do not find myself missing the view provided by my FT DSLR. With this viewfinder eyeglasses are not a problem.I have not used the 1442 II kit lens much yet although I have been well pleased with the photos I have taken with it so far. I am very pleased with the Panasonic 14 and 20mm primes. Most of the time with those two lenses I do not need to use a flash in available light shooting. I could go around the world with the Panasonic 14mm, the 20mm, and the Olympus 14150 although I would hate to leave the 918 behind. I am also quite satisfied with the Olympus 75300 lens but that's more of an occasional shot lens and it does do best in good light.Unlike some critics above, I do not have any issues with the Olympus menu system and controls, probably because I was already familiar with them.You can get very good shots with this camera set to full automatic in good light situations. However, when the lighting gets tricky, it really helps to know how to make adjustments. Several good point and shoot cameras are quite adjustable as well so if one is moving from that type of camera to a micro four thirds camera, there should not be much of a learning curve.This camera might not be good for someone who does not like to fuss at all before taking a picture.