As soon an I held EPL2 out of the box, I knew it was a serious camera. It is a very well built nice looking camera, and felt substantial in my hands. I have been using both fullframe DSLR and compact cameras. EPL2 is one of the new class of cameras that fills nicely in between. It is small, but not too small for holding with two hands. The sensor is smaller than fullframe but much bigger than ones in compacts, thus takes decent pictures under wider range of conditions. My compact camera has more pixels than EPL2, but EPL2 takes much smoother and realistic pictures. As the matter of fact, there is no comparison in terms of the picture quality.I do not use scene and art modes, or movie feature. So I do not know anything about them. I rarely use full automatic mode, because it disables controls I need, but my wife appreciate the convenience as well as the quality of the pictures it takes. We both like Panasonic 20mm f/1.7 on it so much, and we will probably not going to use the kit lens as much. The combination takes beautiful pictures. By the way, f/1.7 makes the rather weak builtin flash useful. Focus is on the slow side though.It took two days to set up the camera to my liking. Once set, the camera started working as I expected except for the white balance. I still need to pay attention to the white balance. I think it is too sensitive or overcompensating under compact FL and some other lighting conditions. I hope Olympus makes it right with a new firmware in the future. I need to either postprocess each picture, or keep adjusting the white balance manually while I take pictures. That is a minor inconvenience to me though, and it is totally eclipsed by the fun I am having.I got Canon EF mount adapter and tried with 24105mm, 1635mm and 70300mm EF lenses. Of course there is no AF, but the pictures are nice and so much fun. FLM of 2 makes 70300mm a 140600mm super telephoto. Not practical, but fun. $6 Zuiko CP filter works well. $49 Polaroid flash is compact enough and gives good amount of light and bounce, but manual mode or autofocus assist lamp do not work with EPL2. Still, $49 is reasonable.I should go get the view finder, super wide lens and telephoto zoom. It is so much fun!