The EPL2 was my first microfour thirds camera and my first Olympus.  I have had a succession of Nikon DSLR's over the years, along with a rotation of higherend compacts from most of the camera manufacturers.  I currently have a D90, and it is never let me down.  But I wanted something smaller and more portable but with betterthanP&SIQ, and the EPL2 looked very promising.  I was really looking forward to it.  It is a great camera, and after a couple of hours of shooting I was even thinking that it might replace my D90 for all but the most demanding situations I encounter (very low light, very fast action, etc).  The EPL2 is a fun camera to shoot with, and IQ up to ISO800 was nearly indistinguishable from the D90.  The Art filters offer a lot of creative potential.  Great!I was *thrilled* with EPL2 until I shot a sunset and got home to review the results.  When I got home & viewed the photos on my Mac, I noticed a distracting grid of red dots around the sun in several of the shots.  It does not look like any kind of lens flare that I have ever seen in my 10 years of shooting digital.  It looks like some sort of internal reflection on the imager.  Thirty minutes of searching & reading, and apparently this is something of a known 'feature' of the EPL2.  There's a lot of heated debate about it online; whether it is the camera, the photographer, incorrect composition, poor choices of aperture, lenses, etc.  I did strongly encourage anyone considering this camera to read up on it.It is not a problem for everyone, nor may it affect every EPL2, but mine (with the latest v1.01 firmware) with the kit 1442 II & 40150 f45.6 lenses definitely had it.  It was visibly distracting on not outoftheordinary photographs of a typical sunset.  IMHO, not acceptable from a camera of this price & caliber. I got up early the next day and shot some photos of the sunrise to see if it would happen again and to do some tinkering.  Sure enough, the red dots were there, and much worse this time.  It was a clear & bright sunrise, so that may have something to do with it.  I shot in iAuto, 'Sunset' mode, P, A, and full manual.  Wideopen apertures do seem to lessen the problem, but it is still distracting to me.  Anything above about f8 and it is a real mess (which is what the 'Sunset' mode wants to use...).So, with some sadness, I returned it.  Great camera, I just need one that can reliably capture a sunset.  I will keep my options open, and I'll eagerly await the 'EPL3' that will hopefully have this problem resolved.