I bought the EPL2 kit with both the 1442mm & 40150mm Lens.  No problems with zoom, noise, or focusing.  I do not have a lot of experience with removable lens cameras, but the lens seem very high quality and easy to use. I have been using the camera for about two days in all different conditions.If you are capable and willing to adjust and optimize settings for certain photographic situations, then this camera will be fine.  If you intend to share the camera with your wife that expects good indoor pictures in iAuto mode, then pass. The quality and color tone of the pictures in iAuto mode did not please my wife and I.  Using iAuto mode indoors with overhead lighting without the flash we found that pictures had a distinct yellowishbeige hue.  With the flash tuned on the colors were better but a bit washed out.  In movie mode, there is no flash, and the indoor movies always had a yellowishbeige hue to them.  Some of the advanced settings corrected this problem a little, but my wife did not want a camera that required setting adjustment in iAuto mode, and we take a lot of indoor pictures.  Simply put it was difficult to render true white colors with this camera in an indoor atmosphere with moderate lighting conditions.In natural outdoor lighting the pictures are excellent.I question why people think Olympus JPEGs are so good.  The JPEGs do not accurately represent colors in many conditions, especially moderate to low light. There may be some conditions where the Olympus JPEG 'processing adjustments' works, but sometimes it makes pictures worse.  It seems like Olympus is too often trying to 'process and enhance' the JPEG instead of just rendering the RAW file with JPEG compression.I am still looking for the perfect, small, DSRL quality camera.  I do believe Micro Four Thirds is the future.Update:The 'warm' look of the Olympus images are just too yellowish for me.  Its a preference I guess. Check out this thread, its exactly what I have experienced with the EPL2 and has sample images to show. http://forums.dpreview.com/forums/readflat.asp?forum=1041&message=37777991&changemode=1