I am quite surprised at how good the images are that I am getting, especially jpegs. I am used to shooting raw because I get better files and can squeeze a bit more juicy goodness out of my photos that incamera jpeg processing does. Surprisingly, this camera does a great job with jpegs in good light situations. That's the important idea to keep in mind, good light. Kirk Tuck gives this camera a fine review, but realize that he's a lighting pro, who has written several (good) books on the subject.IMO this camera is targeted toward two markets. For those moving up from a point and shoot, it is wonderful. It's familiar and less intimidating than an SLR. It can create better images than even the best point and shoots. The price is reasonable. It's attractive and it is a lot lighter than an SLR. Those people would not consider shooting in bad light without a flash. They would not consider deliberate long exposures to smooth motion effects. Those last two areas are not the camera's strengths as Brad R. points out. From the things he's asking the camera to do and not getting satisfaction he is a more knowledgeable photographer and demands more than the main target market for this camera. If you want low light capability or low ISO speed then this is not the best camera around, though it is not that bad, either.The other market is more experienced photographers looking for a light and compact second or third camera. They have cameras for low light or fast action shooting. But there are reasons for not carrying around a big, heavy, professional looking camera but still wanting quality image files. That's my reason. My aging back hurts lugging around a fully sealed and rugged SLR. I have also found that I have been questioned about photos when in many tourist places: No pros allowed. Pros need to pay a fee. I do not want a reporter taking my picture. Guess what? The EP2 does not get that kind of response. It looks like a tourist camera and tourists are not as intimidating as professional looking photographers, pro or not. Stick a big camera with vertical grip in a room and people tense up. Hold your camera a foot in front of your face and few people care. I love that about this camera. I guess you can tell that I like street photography with it.How much do I like it? A lot. It's tolerably light, fits in a smallish fanny pack. handles great, takes great photos in good light, has well though out controls, and works fine with flash systems. Will I be shooting at night with this for available light? No. Is it a great camera for portability? Absolutely. It's light. Its lenses are lighter than any larger sensor camera's. I can take excellent quality images when I work with rather than against the camera. All in all I very pleased.The other nice thing about this camera is that it will take accessories and a remote shutter release. You can, and probably should add the attachable viewfinder. It will also take external microphones, which helps with much higher audio when recording video. That sounds strange, but it is true. As a video camera, it is pretty equivalent to current entry level SLRs. This is the best camera ever.