I asked Olympus if I could review this camera.  I had written reviews for them before.  To preface the review I will mention that I own several of the Olympus EP2 cameras and the EPL1 camera.  While the EPL series cameras do not come with the accessory finder, VF2, I consider it the reason to buy this camera and this family of cameras.  More on that in a second.  I gave this camera five stars but you should be clear that all ratings are contextual.  It's not a better camera than a Nikon D3 or a Canon 1dsmk3 but it is a wonderful and very capable camera for $600 (with a lens).  I consider it an $800 camera because I want to be able to use the 1.4 megapixel finder.Reasons not to buy one: 1. You shoot sports and need super fast autofocus and a very fast frame rate. 2.  You rarely see daylight and want a camera that shoots noise free from 3200 ISO up.  Nope, this one is not your camera.Reasons to buy one:  1.  The files right out of the camera (as jpegs) are very nice.  Rich and accurate color and nice balance of sharpness and contrast.  2.  It's a very stealthy package that flies under the radar, masquerading as a point and shoot but fully capable of great results.  No one will guess that you are a serious photographer.  3.  With adapters there is a very wide range of lenses from other manufacturers that work well with the camera.  If you want to try a Nikon or Leica lens for some street shooting this would be the camera to try it with.The big question I got over and over again in response to my review on my blog was whether this camera has better image quality that the EPL1.  No.  I find them identical.  But the newer screen and newer controls are better.The HD video is limited to 7 minutes per take but the quality (720) is very good and the camera has full manual controls for every facet.  You'll need to buy an Olympus adapter if you want to use external microphones.Why do I like these cameras?  Because they are quick to operate and very, very lightweight.  I like to spend hours and hours walking thru city streets shooting and the cameras are light enough to make this an enjoyable thing.  Not a joblike task.Now, on to the finder.  I am old fashioned.  I just do not like composing a scene at arm's length.  it is a very compromised technique.  Olympus makes a great electronic viewfinder that works with all the Pen cameras and also the new xz1 compact camera.  It's a 1.4 megapixel finder.  It's very detailed and makes the camera a wonderful tool.  I would not consider buying any of the Pens unless I budgeted for the finder as well.Bottom line?  Great camera for the money.  Just make sure you are buying it for the right reasons.