We purchased the EPL2 at the end of February 2011 as it was coming out (it arrived beginning of March). We were so excited to try the Digital/SLR camera and take some great photos of our two little boys. Outside in sunlight the images are outstandingamazing quality and the Ffocus allows you to blur the background which makes for some frameworthy art. Inside, the pictures are about the same quality as a $100 digital cameranothing special.Our biggest problem came a week ago. The blue light turned on when we pushed the 'ON/OFF' switch, but there was no picture in the viewfinder & it would not take pictures. We troubleshot all possible problems (remove the memory card, battery, lens, etc), but nothing helped. Called Olympus support (1 year warranty) and they said we did have to mail it in (at OUR cost) and it would take about 3 weeks to repair!! We leave for a long awaited family vacation to Disneyland this Saturday and will have NO camera to record the memories!! I am crushed. Even vacation aside, 3 weeks with no camera and little kids is horrible! We are missing so many moments.I called Olympus support & they offered no resolution to this problemno loaner camera, etc. I am SO angry with Olympus. Do NOT buy their products unless you want to be disappointed.Update: It has been over four weeks and still no camera. Everytime we call customer support they offer a new 'estimated arrival date'. I have asked to pay for overnight shipping when they finally get around to fixing it and all I get is a,  aregrettably no.' HORRIBLE customer service.Update: The camera was returned after 7.5 weeks and has been working fine since. On one phone call they mentioned they had had to reduce their repair operations to a single locationthus the delay. That coupled with the accounting fraud makes me feel a bit sorry for them. It's a shame really, since we like the camera, definitely takes nice photos without any serious training needed, a sort of  didummy', lightweight camera for people who want nice photos.