Fortunately, Amazon reviewers had warned me that the built-in speakers were tinny and pretty awful. They were not kidding... They are actually worse sounding than my old Westinghouse LCD from 4 years ago and worse than a Samsung LCD from the same time period.Okay, so assuming you are going to hook this thing up to a stereo, a surround system, PC speakers, or a sound-bar... this is an incredible value. The picture is great. This is my second Toshiba LCD, and the picture quality is excellent. Seriously... 1080p and 40 inches for under $450, shipped to your door? It's insane to think that the 720p - 32' Westinghouse I bought years ago was around $700, and that was a bargain at the time. How cheap can these things get?This TV will make you want to watch nothing but blurays... I have digital cable and a PS3, which can stream some movies and TV shows at 1080p. The digital cable looks great, except that you can really see the artifacting when there are fast movements of the whole camera. I hope digital cable starts using a better compression method someday... Anyhow, Netflix HD content looks great on this TV. However, blurays look insane, and this is really the reason to bother owning a 1080p set.As compared to other LCD 1080p TVs, I did go to Best Buy and compare the picture quality to all of the competitors... Granted, these are not really the best conditions to try and compare picture quality (in a brightly lit store, random video content, all the TVs set to the default settings). However, the Toshiba was at least holding its own with other TVs that were twice the price, and many of the things that I did not like about one TV or the other could be fixed by adjusting the settings. So pretty much, with all of the name brand TVs, the picture quality was great. Things that are present in the higher priced models where mostly things that I did not want to pay extra for... such as internet connectivity (I am using a PS3 for Netflix and video file playback) and LED backlighting (it did not seem to result in a better picture, although it did reduce the depth and weight of the TVs). And I did not test them out, but I am hoping that some of the more expensive models came with better internal speakers than the Toshiba.So, in my house, hooked up to my stereo and playing a bluray, it is hard to imagine this TV being much better - the picture can be mind-blowing with the right source - and it is definitely a steal at around $450 with free shipping.