I bought this Toshiba to replace the 32' TCL LCD in my bedroom - gave the TCL to my son.  Just got this TV yesterday and I wanted to give my first impressions and address some of the concerns listed in other reviews, both here and on other sites.  The three main criticisms of this TV were:1. Only two HDMI ports - I only needed one or two ports anyway, so this did not bother me. If you are purchasing this as your main unit, you need to weigh this considerably.  There are ways around it, such as a receiver with HDMI-in ports or an HDMI switch, but unless you own these already, it is money you could spend on a bigger TV.2. Sound - OK, the sound on this is not great, but it is not as bad as some people are making it out to be.  I would say it is about average for TV's of this size and level (I install TV's in clients' conference rooms from time to time).  I was really expecting it to be bad after some of the reviews, so when it pretty much sounded on par with my 32' TCL, it kind of made me laugh.  I was also able to change the Dolby settings (Compressed or Normal - you have to decide what you like better) to improve the sound.  What critics probably dislike is the lack of bass.  There is pretty much no bass, but I feel the same way about every other TV of this size I have heard.  It does not have RCA or analog out, so you cannot install computer speakers, like some reviewers have complained about.  It does have an optical out, which is better because it is feature-forward.  I have a Panasonic soundbar already, so I plugged the TV optical out into my soundbar and everything sounded great.  I would never spend the money on a TV of this size and use the built-in speakers.  At the very least, go with a sound bar.  Panasonic makes a very good one and Vizio has one for under $100 on Amazon.  My Panasonic is perfect for the bedroom - shows and movies are immersive and the voices are crystal clear.  If you want a nice sound system with full bass and do not want to run wires or buy a receiver, get the Panasonic soundbar with the subwoofer.  If you just want to significantly improve the sound of the TV, you can buy the soundbar with no subwoofer.  It will do nicely (I do not have the subwoofer).3. Weak HD tuner - I have no idea what the critical reviewers are talking about.  This TV picked up every QAM channel, including unencrypted digital, that my cable company provides.  What this means is that I hooked the TV straight to my cable line and it picked up all of the local digital HD stations, the music stations, and cable analog stations.  It performed as well as my other TV's with no problem.  I then hooked up my indoor HD antenna and it picked up 38 stations, including every Milwaukee HD channel and some from Chicago.  I live almost 50 miles from Milwaukee and 70 miles from Chicago.  It worked as well or better than my other TV's.  To put this in context, if I look up on the web what channels I am supposed to receive for my location, it lists 25 stations.  I get 38.  The TV also has a nice feature that shows how strong the signal is when you pull up a channel.All in all, the Toshiba is a great TV for the money, especially at $399.98. The picture quality is excellent and the screen has a nice matte finish, so there are no reflections.  It is a 60Hz TV, so there will probably be some artifacting during Bluray movie action sequences, but that is to be expected.It was easy to set up and does everything I ask from a TV of this class.