Watch out, if you have a lot of old DVDs.  For some reason, this TV will NOT play any DVD in an upscale mode and allow you to view it in Normal Mode(the actual mode the movie is in).  If the DVD is true 6x9 then you are OK, but for the thousands of 4:3 and old style Widescreen DVDs, you are only allowed to use 480P mode so most of the benefits of HDMI and upscaling are lost.I just spoke to their customer service and they say Sony specifically disables the ability to watch upscale 4:3 DVDs in Normal Mode for all their TVs.  Be warned, for upscale viewing, this and other Sony TVs are a waste of money.  All the local home theater experts in the retail stores were at a loss as to why they would do this.  They agreed that it made no sense to them.Also, for a pretty expensive TV, they scrimped terribly on the inputs.  You get only 2 HDMI and if you are using a VCR and a component DVD player, forget it.  You get one or the other as they share inputs.  I am glad Sony chose to save the $2 or so, but you are stuck with almost no connection options.  HDMI DVD, and VCR and you are done.Finally, the VCR picture is one of the worst I have seen since the origin of Betamax.  I have been watching tapes forever and this is just terrible.  Sony customer service said that a bad picture is to be expected with any analog input when you look at their TVs.  If you are a fan of tape keep your old TV and skip this entirely.  And get ready for the fun; the focus goes in and out so you get the feeling your sight is failing.  I have tried with a few different VCR machines and it seems to be yet another Sony feature.  These people should just have left off any analog inputs at all.  Anything analog is without question just miserable.I hope the quality control is there.  I would never buy this thing if it did not have a Sony name on it.  You pay a lot and get very little.  If you only watch cable or over air shows, you are fine; anything else, forget it.Also, after using this for a while, I have noticed that viewing even slightly off a direct angle gives you a very poor picture.  Contrast and brightness drop considerably, so do not evn think of getting this for any viewing other than dead on in front.  Sony, what in the world were you thinking when you made this mess?