Just like the title says, there is virtually no input lag on this tv. I went from a tube tv in the bedroom (tube tv's having no input lag whatsoever just straight monitor) to this, and it is practically identical feeling only it is 1080p and it looks great! The game I tested it on is Modern Warfare 3 on my PS3 (the ultimate lag testing game-I can not think of anything faster paced) and I tested it with Halo Reach on my Xbox 360 when I first got it this afternoon to make sure it worked and it did great on that too. There was another review that mentioned he had tested it on a couple games and it did not seem to have input lag, but he did not mention WHAT games so I was still unsure as you would not really notice as sharply on most games. I took a chance and I am here to tell you that I felt in control and no lag the whole time- super pleased! Got straight on here to let you guys know because I saw a few people asking about it in the comments on other reviews and its a major concern especially if that's the bulk of what you are going to be doing with it:)I have had the input lag problem with several tv's including my Toshiba 46' 1080P 240hz in the living room that does not feel right totally. It even has game mode which basically cancels extra processing and speeds up the image response like .33hz or something to combat input lag. I believe the fact that this TCL TV is 60hz is a contributing factor to it is lack of input lag. No overprocessing which you do not need with a good hdmi signal from the source anyway, just a good solid 1080p responsive picture. Do not get me wrong, this tv has bells and whistles too, but I think the Toshibas problem (only concerning input lag) is the 240hz and the other processing it does to put out an amazing picture- takes more time to think. When I pan my character's view around in a game it is very hard to stop where I want to consistantly. It even feels like it speeds up as you swing around (like the processor's catching up which is typical of tvs with input lag) making it almost impossible to zero in on a specific spot or opponent accurately at least before they get you:) It does totally fine on most games, but split second timing reflexive games I really notice it.For those of you that do not know what input lag is, it is a processing delay in displaying the image from the source (when you move it should move steadily and consistantly) that is really only noticeable when gaming (or using the tv as a monitor for your computer-you'll find controlling your mouse much more difficult etc...) because you are actually controlling the image and know when you told it to do what. It does not affect viewing movies or anything of that nature because it could have a 5 SECOND delay on when it displays the movie and we did never know it. It's only a matter of milliseconds, but completely changes the feel of controlling your character especially in fast paced precision movement type games. The image you see is not accurately reporting what you are hands are telling it to do and it makes it very difficult to play (or at least a very akward and sluggish feeling).On the other aspects: this tv is very vibrant with good color contrast, viewing angles seem to be great, I am not noticing a bunch of motion blur, and it is a very similar looking picture to my much more expensive tv. I have been looking for a bdrm tv for a while waiting for a good deal and this is BY FAR the best deal I have seen. I would have been happy with 720p at this price. I did not want to spend too much and was origionally looking at 32' 720p tv's that were around $300, so when this popped up on the screen with 4 1/2 stars from so many customers I was definately interested and started reading reviews.There seems to be a common problem with this TV showing up DOA or with other malfunctions that definately made me nervous. It had me thinking maybe the components inside are not secured well enough and/or breaking from shipping jostling or some other OEM defect so even if it arrives fine, it could quit working after moving or something. After looking at it though, and putting it thru some initial paces and comparing to the pic on my other tv, I do not think that this will happen. It seems like a pretty solid unit. It could have been a bad batch or being thrown around by the delivery people or anything really, though it does not instill a lot of confidence. After seeing it and having all of my requirements completely met and surpassed, I would say that if you get a bad one take advantage of Amazon's awesome return policy and have 'em send you another because I believe you will not be disappointed. If something goes wrong down the road there's a 2 year warranty so there's not much to worry about (although some are saying the OEM's customer service is not great)- you'll still be able to get it taken care of eventually. A warranty's a warranty. Just come back and tell people what happened on here- that seems to get their attention as one review I read seemed to infer.I just got it this afternoon so I'll update if anything of note happens, but as it stands you can not beat the price and the quality seems to be there too! Great product so far, and an unbeatable price on a 40' 1080p tv!UPDATE 2/2/2012: It's been a week, absolutely no problems, good solid operation. I popped back on to say that I too checked the back of the display panel through the vent holes and it DOES say SAMSUNG on it which does not suprise me considering the great picture. I notice motion blur a little watching streaming vids now, but you have to be looking for it and it is to be expected with a 60hz refresh rate. Do not notice it gaming though. Still a great product for the money. Oh, and the buttons on the remote stick for a sec after being pushed...kinda weird but it is gotten better already.UPDATE 4/21/2012: Still going strong after 3 months! I havent noticed it lately, but I did notice it making ticking noises as it cooled down after shutting it off. It sounded like a baseboard heater popping and cracking (not near as loud but you get the idea). I do not think it is done that for a month or so now. It was probably just 'settling in' but I was a little concerned about that for a while. Overall the picture is still great- it is darker overall than my other one- not as much contrast in the blacks but that's to be expected. Hey, it is a $300 tv, but at least it has a Samsung screen! Gaming is still as good as ever- perfect control.UPDATE 9/19/2012: I love this tv. It's still doing just fine and I tend to watch more of this one than my living room tv so LOTS of hours on it now. It's still got the ticking sometimes for a bit when I turn it off as it cools down, but it is still great other than that. I noticed the price went up $100 tho since I purchased it which puts it in competition with some other decent brands- not the smokin deal that it was. I can say that I have had a good experience with it tho and the warranty's pretty cool so best of luck with your tv hunting:)AMMENDMENT: I just saw that there is another prime option for this tv that is $360 so that's only $30 more than I paid and is still well worth it:)UPDATE 12/31/2012: I have now moved my XBOX 360 in to the bdrm with the PS3 because I can not even game anymore on my Toshiba. Do not get me wrong, Toshiba's game mode makes it much better, but there's still no comparison- this tv has dang near 0 input lag. Other than that, picture looks great and have not had any other issues at all. I recently played on a Samsung 50' 3d lcd and it had VERY noticeable lag as well- This was the best purchase I made the whole year:)