I was skeptical at first but this TV is really great. The speakers are really bad like from a radio but that was solved by plugging in some high quality PC speakers with sub woofer.Honestly I like the thicker bezel on this tv compared to the newer model with ultra thin bezel because it makes the TV look bigger than other TVs even 1-2 inches larger.This picture of this tv on amazon does not do the TV justice. The bezel has a very classy, high quality 'wood-like' finish on the bezel. There are no bright led lights on the control panel of the TV to annoy. And the stand of this TV is made out of high quality glass - not plastic like some tvs.The images on this screen are super clear with HD channels. Do not use this tv for std-def channels (especially comcast cable) because that will look really bad. Once you get the HD movies / channels on this, you will think it is almost 3D and real life - it is that good - even with my cheap RCA rabbit ears antenna.The main weakness of this TV is that it does not handel motion well in certain conditions (has some blurring / ghosting). If you shop around tho, you'll find that you'll probably have to spend much more (maybe close to double) to get better motion performance on the same size screen. Another small weakness is that it takes a few seconds for images to come up once you turn on the TV, so sometimes when you press the on button on the remote you are not sure if it registered. Sometimes looking at the remote sensor (intra-red) at the lower left of the tv you can see a dim light turn on/off when you press the power button on the remote. Sometimes I use that to know when the TV has registered the remote signal. In general though, the range of the remove is really great. I can turn on the TV from my dining room and change channels (~30 feet away).If you are thinking twice about this TV and are on a budget, I would not think twice at all. Get it, plug in some external speakers and be amazed at the great deal you have just received. Thanks amazon!