I purchased this TV after reading through numerous reviews on Amazon as well as through other websites. I felt confident that this model was backed by so many users saying that it was a beautiful display so I went ahead and made the purchase.  The unit arrived in great condition and installation was a breeze. I had this unit connected to my HD channels over the air and the picture quality was indeed nice like what everyone else said. When watching blu-rays with my PS3, the quality was even better.However, there is a caveat with this model even though the picture quality seems to be pretty decent for the amount of money that you are paying for. This is my first TCL unit that I have ever owned as I have never heard of the name before, but this particular model that I experienced seemed to have excessive backlight bleeding and clouding issues when a black screen is being displayed. When flipping through channels or playing games, if there happens to be any black parts being shown on the TV, I would see a large cloudy patch. When I turn on all the lights in my living room, the clouding is less obvious, but once I dim the lights, the clouding is very noticeable. If I turn off all the lights and just leave the room dark with a black screen on the TV, I will see large amounts of clouding in different areas making it look every uneven and horrible.I know there were other reviewers who said that they experienced the same thing and had to request for an exchange before they received a better unit so I decided to participate in this lottery. I contacted Amazon about my issue and they sent me an exchange unit. This 2nd unit arrived beat up and the contents inside felt like it was a returned item. I had no intentions of keeping this 2nd unit but decided to plug it in and check out the backlighting issue while the unit was in my possession. This unit was a little bit better in terms of the backlight bleed / clouding, but they still existed, just in different patterns.I contacted Amazon and had a 3rd unit sent to me while I sent the other ones back. When this 3rd unit arrived. The box was prestine and the contents felt new. When I got it plugged in and set up, I thought that this would be the keeper, up until a black part showed up while watching TV and dear god there was a huge gray cloudy patch in the top right hand corner about 1/4 the size of the tv screen. I decided that I no longer wanted to keep wasting time by requesting more units to come, unpacking / repacking / driving to the UPS store to drop off the defects for return. During this time, it was the weekend so I thought that I did just use the TV and keep it out of the box for 1-2 days before sending it back. I am glad I did this because on day 2 of this 3rd unit, half of the screen started to flash and flicker while watching TV. Half of the screen would look normal, but the other half started flicking and flashing for a good 2 minutes. I turned off the unit and decided to turn it back on an hour later and the issue was gone. On the next day, the same issue happened again while I was watching the news.In conclusion, for the money that your paying, the picture quality is decent when the TV works and when you do not notice the clouding and backlight bleed. However, do not expect this to be a Sony / Samsung / LG / Panasonic / Other big name player replacement. The quality control for these items are simply non-existant. I am returning all 3 units for a refund and going to bite the bullet and pay a little more for a TV made by a more known and trusted manufacturer.If you want a disposable TV for your house's guest room or feel like playing the lottery system for a nice budget TV, then the TCL would fit the bill.