I bought this TV for 300 and it has met or exceeded all expectations so far. I use it only as a second 1080p monitor for my desktop computer for watching movies and playing PC games.The TV arrived quickly with Amazon Prime two-day shipping in solid packaging with ample Styrofoam. The TV itself looks very nice with a sturdy glass base. Upon my initial inspection of the LCD, I found a stuck red pixel in the bottom left. Stuck pixels are usually fixable, and through a few uses, the pixel fixed itself. Unless you have dead pixels (black) or many stuck pixels, I would recommend trying to fix a stuck pixel yourself first before returning it (many solutions on Google). In my case, a single stuck pixel was hardly anything to stress over.As for the quality of the display, I am quite pleased. I plugged an HDMI into the top input (designated for computers) and my Windows 7 PC recognized it. For the best quality and clarity, avoid using VGA for computer input. It is dated technology that will not take advantage of this (or any HDTV's) HD display. Before getting a crisp display of my desktop, I had to make a few adjustments in my computer and TV settings. I have an ATI graphics card so I used Catalyst Control Center to change the default overscan from 15 back to 0. Additionally, I had to turn off overscan on the TV by hitting 'Zoom -' on the remote (the left arrow). After this step, which is pretty crucial for using any HDTV as a monitor, the TV looked crisp displaying my desktop.1080p movies and games look fantastic on this TV. Colors are vibrant and there are plenty of settings to change as well as useful presets. As for games, I use this TV for controller-based games like sports games or third-person shooters; there is no stuttering and motion looks great. I have only run into am issue in Prototype 2 where the game does not take up the entire screen and the framerate is capped at 24, but this is an isolated issue.Overall, this TV was a great investment, especially with a 2-year limited warranty.