Ok, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE take my advise, and DO NOT buy a tcl t.v.! By far the worst experience i have ever had with a service company! the first t.v. i got was in a real company box.(properly packaged with Styrofoam and bubble-wrap.) after about 8 months the screen displayed a star stemming from a group of failed pixels. Ok so time to test the warranty. part of the reason for taking a chance on a unheard of cheap t.v. right? First off, all the 1 star reviews are dead on. If you can get someone on the phone, they can not seem to tell you anything but send it in, and wait and see. They already know what your about to find out. you will not be getting helped. I Emailed them pictures of the problem and luckily I had saved my original box, so that saved me the 50 bucks they were gonna charge me for a new one to return ship in. So they Emailed me a return slip and I send in the t.v. A week later I get an unmarked box, with 'fragile t.v. inside' on the outside. Open the box and, no corners, no bubble-wrap. just a t.v. wrapped in plastic (Like Laura Palmer!) and dumped in a box. Needless to say, the side of the t.v.s case is cracked. Now I am a single guy who's already been through t.v. service dept. crap before, I am thinking if the screen looks good, were cool. I turn it on and about a 3 inch panel of the t.v. is reversed. weirdest problem I have ever seen! my brothers epileptic and could not look at it for fear of having a seizure. Impossible to watch! More pictures sent of this problem. 'Send it in, wait and see.' At first I thought the damage to the case was done in shipping, now my guess is that the service dept. had already 'fixed' this t.v. as the bottom of the t.v.s face had a grey strip (on a black t.v.) and i think they tried to replace the whole facade and broke it trying, then just shipped it to me. Now the service dept. is telling me the case is broken and it looks weird. I took pictures when i opened the box, so i sent those pictures to them and I am waiting for my next disappointment. I am still waiting to see what the reply will be, but I have given up on getting anything from these people. I threw away 300 dollars on this t.v. Please do not give tcl any of your money! I will be reporting this to the B.B.B. if that even matters to these people, my guess is not. They can always screw you over, As consumers, the only power we have, is the choice of where to spend our hard earned money. Stories Point? Pay a little more, get a Sony! DO NOT BUY A TCL!!!!