Yes, the title is correct: I have purchased four TCL televisions. The first one was bought during Black Friday events in 2011, when I got a 26-inch at a steal to put in my son's room. I then found a second one (32') as a post-Christmas deal and placed in it my home office to replace an old CRT TV. Then, because I was in a hurry and not paying attention, I was tinkering with the AV equipment, threw a spark, and killed the office TCL, so I replaced it with another one. Last month, the backlight in our 6 year old Vizio, which is our primary TV in the den, began to die. I did not have the extra cash necessary to buy a good quality replacement, so I looked at TCL for a replacement for a year or two until I replace it with better set.About this TV? Well, three stars means average, and that is what this TV is. It is average. It does what a TV is supposed to do. Compared to my old Vizio, it does not do very well in displaying dark details (shadows and such), sudden changes in picture can show split-second pixelation, and despite making a lot of adjustments it just seems a bit too bright when you get the colors adjusted properly. In addition, the sound is fine, but for some reason it tends to flare when there are lulls in the sound, such as when you are watching an athletic event and the commentators stop talking for a few seconds. It is sort of like having the volume set to 25, but when they start to talk, the volume flares up to 35 for a tenth of a second and immediately returns to normal.I have an older DVD theater in a box system hooked up via Component, a DirecTV HD receiver hooked up via HDMI, and a Blu-Ray hooked up via HDMI, and the picture is acceptable in all three modes. Oh, and speaking of DirecTV, programming the remote is easy. TCL is listed in the list of manufacturers, and you can select the first TCL choice to make the RC65X remote work perfectly.So, if you are looking for a cheap TV and do not need (or want) a high-quality picture, then this is the TV for you. But if you are setting up a great home-theatre system, look elsewhere.Update: So, the flaring sound continued to drive me crazy, meaning that I would either turn the volume below or above a comfortable level just to eliminate the nuisance (for some reason, it would only flare in the 'sweet spot' of the volume levels). About 30 minutes ago, I had an epiphany and checked the volume settings in the menu, and there I found that the auto volume control was selected. I turned off the auto volume control, and now there is no longer any flaring of sound!