This camera is the one you photographically date and not marry. If you have not been bit yet by the photo bug then this is a great start, it has features that will cost thousands of dollars in a modular system (camera body, GPS module, lenses to cover the focal/zoom range, a macro lens, neutral density filter, and more). The catch is that it does not do anything nearly as good as a DSLR or Compact System Camera (Like the NEX series), except that it is complete in a smallish and relatively inexpensive box. Overall, this camera is better than lumix, Canon, kodak, pentak, fujifilm, GE or coolpix. The fact that it lets you play with all of the creative options like Aperture, Shutter, and Manual Modes lets you learn and grow with this camera so that when you are ready to invest in a larger kit you'll have a better idea of what's important to you.Best features of this camera:+ Swivel screen, which although it will not let you take self portraits, helps teach you to explore taking photos from other angles.+ GPS, when mixed with photo apps like iPhoto, Picasa, or Lightroom let you remember where the photo was taken.+ Neutral Density filter built in makes it possible take longer exposures of things like water and clouds to smooth them out.+ Macro feature works well.+ At it is widest angle it has a reasonably fast 2.8 aperture.+ Sony smart auto features and panorama sweep modes work as well as ever.+ Lots of direct access buttons and dials.+ 30x zoom from wide angle to moon capturing long.Mixed bag:> Image quality... Sony compact cameras do a good job considering their size and I have been thrilled with the quality that comes out of their W/WX series cameras. White this one looks good it seems to over compensate for noise even at it is lowest levels. So it is fine for prints and the web, but enlarged you'll will not see as much sharpness as I would like.> The 10 FPS feature only lasts for 1 second... not long enough for many fleeting moments... and the other burst mode is 2 FPS which lasts for 5 seconds... long enough, but not fast enough. Since 10 full resolution photos seems to be the limit of the camera's buffer, I wish they would have but in a more practical 4 or 5 FPS mode which would last a couple of seconds, but still be fast enough to catch the decisive moment.Cons:- The lens cover is not built into the lens, they provide a lanyard that helps you from losing it. But when you turn it on it sticks half on half off and jams a little.- No hotshoe means discovering the joy of photographic lighting is pretty much a no go, also it limits low light photos (although it is passable as far as small cameras go.)- The view finder is really low resolution and is only really useful if the sun is to bright to use the main screen.- The minimum focus distance which is good at the wide angle falls off quickly, so you have to be far away from you subject if you want to really use that 30x zoom.- There are a lot of menus and they are not as easy to navigate as I would like. Fortunately there is a custom button which you can assign whichever important feature they decided to bury (like white balance).In conclusion, if you are going on a cruise or safari and you want to capture nature to remember the adventure while still enjoying yourself then this is a great camera. If you think you might want to learn photography, but do not want to drop a lot of money right away, this is a great camera. But if you want your whale or lion photos to be awe inspiring... then you will need to look at a larger kit, perhaps a Sony NEX or Alpha camrea with a fast telephoto lens.