I have been reviewing super zoom camera's for the past 2 months. I had it narrowed down to the Canon SX50, Nikon P510 and the Sony DSC-HX200V. I consider myself an Intermediate/Life events photographer and for me the DSLR's were out of the question. I eneded up going with the Sony for the meriad of fetures that none of the other camers offered. 18.2MP is great, 30x zoom with the 60x clear digital zoom is phenominal. I have always wanted a camera that could zoom in to the moon and show great detail and the Sony does just that. Although the Canon SX50 has a greater zoom (50x) it is lacking with 12mp's. My favorite feature of the Sony is the &#34;defocused background&#34; that will take 2 shots, creating sharp focused detail on the object shooting and blurring out the background creating a beautiful portrait that was previously only possible with a professional DSLR. The Sony is very simple to operate with several &#34;auto modes&#34; that are great for the quick point and shoot for your everyday use. The Video produced is a Stunning 1080/60p which is Crisp and beautiful for playback. I Love the 3D Stills options and  Panorama. It takes phenominal Low light images with incredible clarity and detail without a flash. I would buy this camera again without hesitation. If there were any problems I could easily return it but Love the camera. The down side to this camera is the inability to delete photos from the Memory card with the computer. You have to do all of your photo/video management with the camera functions only. which is not nice at all. In addition you have to charge your battery while it is in the phone, the is no external battery charger included. The instruction manual is poor to fair at best. Even with the online manual it does a poor job of specific details on how to use the many functions. they are pretty vague..for instance, if you want to use the &#34;defocused background&#34; all of the manuals will tell you what the function does but does not elaborate on how to actually get the function to work correctly. I select that option then aim the camera, half press the shutter button for the very fast auto focus and recognition, then full press of the button. 50% of the time it will take the picture beautifully, the other times it will say &#34;unable to perform specified function at this time&#34; and I have no idea why. I do not know if i am to close or to far away from the object and it does not explain it anywhere how to use this function properly. Overall though the camera is great, you wont find all these options in any other camer. it feels great. Love it