I purchased the sony hx200 and the nikon p510 loaded the same class 10 sd card, set the same auto functions for both camera's and took the same shots with both cameras.  Wow, what a difference in function, photo quality and ease of use the Sony is. Using the sony zoom compared to the nikon there were interesting differences. The sony photo image has clear image detail along with excellent color rendition compared to the nikon.  In fact, I had to take 6 photo's of the same image with the p510 to try to get a similar quality image as the sony and it still did not show the fine detail and color the the sony did in the first try! (the nikon p510 going back). Just started using the hx200. But from the looks of the terrific image quality, ease of use for the menu navigation user interface, and overall quality features and options I will keeping this. I purchased the Case Logic DCB-304 High/Fixed Zoom Camera Case, which fits perfect and room for filters, small accessories and the shape of the case is easy to wear/use. This replaces a 4 year old panasonic smaller point and shoot.  The sony hx200 does some excellent low light images and very quick image capture and shoots 10 fps! Very happy with the hx200 and would highly recommend this camera.**UPDATE 12/20/12 just finished a 2 week vaca and took more than 1500 images along with over 90 min of video with the hx200. Performance was accurate, color rendition is very crisp and impressive from no zoom to super full zoom. Was able to capture whale splashing in the ocean in full zoom with crisp definition and droplets of water. I enjoyed learning some of the functions to improve various images. Including a function to add high 'vivid' colors to landscape photos. It would be difficult to take a bad image with the well designed hx200. Overall ease of use was simple and quick. I have small hands and this camera fits well for me. The one thing I had to get used to for this camera was the lens cap. I took the hx200 on long hikes, sailing, flying ect.  Low light performance is excellent! I took a little time to learn the functions and experiment to find what settings worked well for me. What a terrific camera and very happy to recommend the hx200.**another Update** 1/24/13 I wanted to note that I use this camera frequently on a daily basis. I purchased an additional battery but even after a day of 300 shots and 20 min of vid, I have not had to change my battery that came with the camera.  Also: for those that are saying it is slow. Not the case! Are you using a class 10 card?? The card you are using may be what is making your camera record slow!! I use a class 10 card and I get no lag for camera shots. Still loving the camera :)