i ve got finally one . Big Fan of The cybershot , i always wanted the big ones to completes the small excellent Point Of View that i carry everyday .First at all , i am a photographer , a Pro , A passionate , a Traveller , an Archiver , I love to take pixs, and you guess i have more than 10 cameras and accessoires in my home.The sony 200 hx-v  come as a surpise in my bag of call . i work as a photojournalist and my nikon and lenses are always charged, clean and ready for the call out .but i cheated ...i used my cybersot a lot !!!fantastic cameras with lots of option for take great shot , a bit confusing to use at first , the menu looks complicated and dead end , ...but if you read the manual on line , follow the innstructions,  voila ! shot !!The good points .- light and easy to carry / work with it , good grip- amazing colors and pictures , when set up right .- viewfinder and articulate screen on the back-Zomm and wide angle made by Carl Zeiss ...very sharp , very dramatic contrast .- 10 FRAMES PER SECONDS, tracking focus , excellent for sports !!!- ring barrel for zoom or focus- a ton of shooting features for creativity or , sharp one .- but the best of that camera IS .... the Video capability !!!! superbe quality , better tham my fx7 ( i love that one too) , the micro is superbe , even in concerts ,  the zoom and stabilisation make the 200 looks very pro , stabilized , intuitive to work with and , the x,y,z stabilisation is ...never seem on a camera i ownedi don t need better , that s it , Perfect !!The Bads Points .- start up make the lens cover Pop ...(I ALWAYS FORGET IT )- the menus could be confusing with dead end No , you can t do that.- the picture quality at 18 mpix is not as sharp i thought it would be .- the viewfinder switch on when passing finger , camera strap or cap ,the picture quality didn t make me happy in the first few days, i reset the camera to my liking and found the ISO 100 work the best to get the best of he 18 millions gigawatt of numbers . my 8 millions pixels do a better job sometimes . but , it s something to live by . i didn t bought the 200 for blasting any fast pro lenses , ( i thought so )i bought the 200 for taking pictures that i never take with my others cameras, this sony is the King Of the Cybershot so far .i set the camera at 10 mpixs , program with fast acces to settings . 10 frames per seconds . it s always ready , silent , small , sharp and good battery life .pictures or video clips , ...i use many times the screen on the back for dynamic angles and create new perspectives, i am in love with this camera , but i have to admit , i was expecting more in the picture quality than my others monsters of clarity, zoom pixels for cropping and overall pixel definition .otherwise, i don t mind, i am glad i bought that one .it make me just a happier photographer .