I purchased this camera, after considerable research, in order to take pictures of my son playing Little League baseball. The primary criteria included the ability to fill the frame with a batter from across a 200 foot baseball field, multiple frames/sec for action shots, and a reasonably high resolution for cropped enlargements. The secondary criteria included ability to take video for the random times I might want that.I have had the camera for almost a week and have taken upwards of 300 pictures, mostly on the baseball field. First off, this camera is not a dumbed down DSLR but rather a super point and shoot. The difference is important since it affects expectations of what can be done and how. The best example I have is multiple frame per second (MFPS) shooting. With a DSLR one either pushes the shutter release quickly or holds it down. That flexibility is not an option with this camera. To get MFPS with this camera, the proper mode has to be selected. Once selected, every time the shutter release is pushed a variable number of pictures are captured, from 2 to 10, depending on length of push and settings. Keeping this short and sweet, I was able to figure out the MFPS settings and am completely satisfied that it works well. While I end up taking more frames than needed, it costs nothing since the memory card holds over 5,000 frames at highest resolution.The photographic results are very good. The only frames that were out of focus were improperly shot; my fault. Image stabilization is fantastic. None of my frames exhibited camera movement, even at high zoom. The next thing I want to master is how to set the focal depth of field - currently everything is in focus on long shots (not a problem but shorter depths of field yield more interesting pictures IMO). I have poked around but have not been able to figure it out yet, although I know it is there somewhere.Battery life seems pretty good. I shot those 300 frames over a two day period on a single charge, ending up with more than an hour battery life left.That's all the comes to mind for now. If anything noteworthy crops up, I'll update. Bottom line, for my needs, it is a good purchase, especially when compared to DSLR's in the $1,500+ price range.