I have used the Sony HX200V regularly for one year, after having the HX1 and HX100V before that. It has an almost errorless autofocus for both photos and videos, even in dim light. Once it grabs a moving subject in a video, it will stick tight on it, even when it passes behind tree limbs or other obstructions. For long-range wildlife, it is without equal.Although it comes with no means to attach a telextender, a KiwiFotos lens adaptor tube for it can be bought here on Amazon and it fits solidly, with good alignment. I use it frequently with 1.7X and 2.2X telex lenses, for even greater reach. The autofocus works just as dependably with these lenses. I usually shoot in the 16:9 mode, that uses 13.5 Megapixels of the sensor, for a widescreen picture. This mode gets more bits-per-pixel for J-PEG encoding and this can improve the quality of the photos, especially if you show them at larger sizes. I usually reduce the size for Internet viewing down to about 1,600 X 900, with the Sony Play Memories Home Program. I set the quality at the highest level of 6 and the results are excellent.There is one problem that has surfaced about the noise-reduction settings. When it is set in the Menu to the minus position, it actually raises the noise-reduction function to the same as the high position, which can degrade the photo quality. Sony does not seem to issue firmware upgrades to resolve such issues, so it is best to set the noise-reduction to the middle position, which causes no loss of quality that I can see. I have also set my Contrast, Sharpness and Color-Saturation functions in the Menu to the high positions and I get a richer and better image. I most often shoot in the P mode and lock the ISO at the lowest position of 100, moving this setting upward only when dimming light or indoor shooting requires it. The lower the ISO level the better, for picture quality, as long as there's enough light to support a low setting. These small-sensored, long_zoom cameras can not have the ISO raised very much, the way it is done with large-sensored D-SLRs. If you leave the ISO on auto mode without locking it, the camera may jump up the level too high. The photos and videos often require the EV setting on the control wheel to be lowered one click or sometimes two.In the video settings, you can choose between several modes, with different encoding levels and frame-rates. I always use the PS mode, which has 60p scanning, in the AVCHD format. By using 60p, all of the artifacts caused by the CMOS sensor when panning or shooting fast-moving subjects, are eliminated. If you use any of the 60i or 30p scanning modes, there will be juddering (stuttering) of moving subjects. It's also necessary to have a moderately-fast computer to play the 60p video smoothly and I find that the Sony PMH Program does a good job in playback.I should mention that i recently bought a new Sony HX300 camera, that has a 21.5-MP sensor and a 50X zoom lens. After five days of testing, I determined that it does not come up to the performance of the HX200V. It does not focus as well at full zoom or in lower light levels and does not dependably keep its focus on more difficult subjects. Both its photos and videos are not as sharp and I have returned it to the dealer. I will now have a renewed appreciation for my HX200V and I may buy another one as a spare, at the reduced closeout price. There may not be another long-zoom camera such as this, in coming years.Steve McDonald