You get what you paid for, and or even more!At beginning, I am looking for a Camcorder because I will have a baby soon. After doing some research, a mid-range quality of Camcorder will be around $300 to $800 (depend on brand). At the same time, my old camera is death and I of course want to shoot some still pictures too. Therefore, I go to search for the camera (pretty good one). I know some professional Digital Camera (DC) can up to $1000 or even $5000. To be honest, I am not professional photographer. I barely know the basic of shooting picture. A mid-range is good for me (point and shoot usually). And because of the coming baby, I want to learn more photo shooting. (taking better moment for her)Now Combination of the video taking and still picture. I found a Nikon first, but the main problem is the zooming while taking video. The recording is blur because of focus problem. It is a huge problem for video taking while zoom. Moreover, the Nikon does take 1080P video but only limited to 30fps. On the other hand, Sony does not have those problem. (full 60fps & 1080p)On the still picture quality, because I am not a professional photographer, I cannot give a 100% accurate comment but I am satisfied with it. I own Cannon and Panasonic point and shoot cameras before and the Sony absolutely is better with great price. The Image quality is Good for me.The less one star is because of the Amazon. I place the order at March 1st and shipped by super saving shipping (expectation date is March 7th to 9th). However, Amazon ships my product on March 6th after I request on live chat regarding adjusting the price. I did get the package on 8th, but how comes Amazon takes that long to process my package and shipped from NJ. (at that time the website does not show it will take 1 or 2 more days to process) My Point is Newegg does not have this problem even it is free shipping. For example, Newegg shows it will take 3 to 4 business days but sometimes I get my product within 2 days, if shipped from NJ (I am at NY). That is the right attitude for running a business, not 100% making money charging for shipping. ($75 prime for 2 days)