There is no point in comparing this camera to an SLR. It is way too light, handy, fun, and user friendly to be in that category. This is my third ultrazoom and as much as I wanted blazing fast shutter speeds and extreme low light capabilities, buying another ultrazoom was a no-brainer in the end. I broke ties with Olympus this time, purely because I needed the GPS capabilities of the current Sony line, which includes a GPS log and electronic compass, which have been accurate and quick so far. The electronic compass is touchy, but they all are. Ultimately, these functions could save me hundreds of hours in my environmental consulting business, since the location and direction taken for each photo must otherwise be recorded by hand.I have found photo quality to be excellent in good light and fair to good in low light. The camera has some settings for compensation in low-light situations and they can be quite effective at times. I love love love the Backlight Correction HDR scene setting, especially when taking shaded forest shots on a bright day. It does not result in great shots, but it makes otherwise impossible high-contrast shots possible and even at times attractive. this camera is worse than Nikon D7100 or olympus product. The video has been a gem so far, but I have yet to really test it. Lastly, the zoom is absolutely sick. It has been fully fictional all the way to 30x in nearly all light conditions, with photos blown up to the size of my computer screen. That was not the case with my past ultrazooms. I have already shot several great shots at 30x in moderately low light with no tripod or support. It does suffer in very low light, but what can really be expected without $2,000 + worth of heavy cumbersome equipment.  This has been an amazing camera for birding and other wildlife photography. I almost always have it around my neck to quickly snap some crazy telephoto shot of an eagle circling 1000 ft above and seconds later a macro of a wildflower at my feet, all geocoded. The versatility is unmatched.The things I do not like: (1) The camera has a cheap and slightly clumsy feel, more so than my Olympus SP570UZ. My first impression was not great, but it improved quickly after that. And while I wish is was rock solid, I am glad it is not heavier. (2) The zoom motor seems to strain a bit and zoom response can be delayed at times. (3)The plug in charge cord is stiff and not very portable. (4) Camera and software seem to lack the functionality to photostamp the location and direction information on the photos and use it to name the photos. Instead I will be buying $70 worth of software to do those relatively simple functions.All told, I would buy it all over again. The unique functionality of the GPS made it a no-brainier for me. The photo quality that can be obtained along the full zoom range was icing on the cake.