I bought this as my in-the-meantime camera while I wait till can afford to buy my next dream SLR camera. after I made the huge mistake of selling the glorious SLR I used to have. I really lowered my expectations significantly since my older camera cost 10x more than this thing. So with that in mind, in short I'll say it is ok if you want a camera for occasional use and do not plan on entering any photography expositions or anything of the sort. Image quality is pretty good for a lower end camera, however being a bit more nitpicky, the lens does suffer from chromatic aberration and softness especially when using more than half of the total available zoom. But that's to be expected, no lens of with this zoom range will be immune to that even if its worth thousands. So with that in mind it is not too bad.The one feature that did exceed my expectations significantly was video quality. It takes a lot of wind for it to be hear don the microphone, and the rolling shutter effect is not terribly obvious. Heck, it takes much better video than my long gone SLR. I really enjoy taking videos with this camera, more so than pictures, my reasoning for that follows...This camera is PAINFULLY slow. I read in other forums that there was a firmware update to fix some of those issues.  First thing I did when I opened the box was update the firmware. I did not bother doing a before/after comparison between firmwares but if now it is supposed to be 'better' I dread to think just how slow it was with the old firmware. Doing the firmware update was easy though, just download a file from the kodak website, put it in your SD card put that in the camera, turn it on, and voila.Anyways, the nasty bit: the time between pictures is dreadful, especially in RAW. On average, it takes2-3 seconds for it to take a pic between shots in JPEG. In RAW however, it takes a ridiculous 10 seconds, if not more, even in favorable conditions. Shutter lag is pretty bad too, even with focus set to manually to infinity. Seems to be up to 1 sec at times. I have changed setting as much as possible to reduce this lag but there's not much to change really that would help. Oh and forget about using the camera at all for well over a minute after shooting in burst mode. Several times it has frozen for up to two minutes while writing the burst pictures. And by freezing, well this camera does it in a strange way: it does not actually crash, but what happens is that it will go back to the live view mode, and you can 'see' what the camera sees, but other than that EVERY other function of the camera is locked out. And it will stay there until it is done writing the damned pictures. It actually does this for every picture you take, how long it freezes up just depends on the quality and quantity of the pics you take.I know for a fact my SD card is not to blame, as I tried several on it. The camera's processor is just ridiculously slow. With that in mind, you are much better off transferring pictures from the camera to your PC by plugging the SD card directly to your PC via an adapter. Using the provided USB cable to connect your PC to the camera and transferring pics over that way is another exercise in testing your patience. Transferring 1gb of pics through the camera to my PC was taking over 15 minutes. When I plugged in the SD card directly to my PC transferring the EXACT same files took less than 3 minutes.At this price point I have tried many cameras, some much cheaper, and none were as painfully slow as this one. I find that inexcusable. So for that alone there's two stars gone.Also I found the extended manual (yes, I read every single page, I am probably the only person in the world that reads manuals despite being very tech savvy) almost insulting to my intelligence. It's very dumbed down. Then again, so is the camera, there's not much to it really. The menus are kind of awkward and slow to access if you are used to the speedy menus SLRs and other big name cameras offer. Otherwise, it is pretty simple to learn, though not always intuitive.The batteries and charger that come with it are not the best, but that was to be expected for a 'free' bundle. The charger will not even let you know when the charge is finished. And the 8 batteries that came with it still show only 1/4 charge after more than 24 hours of charging, maybe they just have to be broken in still, but every other NiMH cells I have used show a full charge even when brand new, so who knows.I am only keeping this camera because I am impressed with the amount of zoom and the quality of the videos. The pictures are not half bad either, if you can live with the painfully slow performance.So if you are one of those people that does not know what a jpeg, RAW, or chromatic aberration is and never bothers to read the manuals, this is the camera for you. For the rest of you, this is an acceptable 'beater' camera. For the horribly impatient times, stay away from this camera.