As with most powerful cameras there are 3things to get right - batteriesz, batteries, batteries. Once I tossed the 1800 maH (like cold cranking amps for car batteries)and bought some 3000 mah online, The camera has never 'hung up' or slowed down. Update- when on day long shooting events, I now have bought an external 5000 mAh Battery. It powers or recharges the camera all day worn on a strap arund my neck, but will  also recharge or extend the life of my Ipad and cell phone or any Usb port chargeable device on long trips. It is not much bigger than a cell phone itself but is 90% battery inside.Also, Do Not use micro sd cards- get a class 10 (fast saves) SD card. If you ever get a corrupted memory, go to Radio shack and buy a tube of contact enhancedment liquid. Put a thin film on the Sd card contacts and transfer it to the camera by inserting and removing the card several times. Do the same on your batteries, and be amazed at the performance this great Kodak swan song camera consistently delivers!HOW2 Create a high quality HD movie from slides and movies, and post the resulting very large file on the internet for your family and freinds FOR FREE using the Z9901. set pictures to be saved not as RAW, but to 'fine' jpeg. While JPEG can be 'losy' the fine setting jpeg is the full 3000x4000 (12 megapixels) of a RAW, and as a bonus, can be used by movie maker and slide viewing software without problems.2. Download ATube Catcher at CNET or other free software distributor who makes sure they are malware and virus free. It has a 'video converter' tab that will allow you to fix whatever is wrong with the Kodak mp4 movies, and combine the audio and video into a single file that is fully .mp4 compliant.3. Download Windows movie maker (it is part of a 'five' suite, but you can choose it alone if you want.4. Use the cable that came with the camera to open the DCIM file on the camera and download the pix and videos you want to edit into a movie. YOu can also (with camera turned off) extract the SDHC card and use a card reader adapter to open and copy the files to a folder on your PC. DO NOT erase them using the PC- use the camera review and trash functions to delete the date folders involved- there is a database the camera uses that it needs to keep straight. Take care of the media and it will take care of you.5. All of the jpg slides are ok, but I like to use the IFRAN free (try CNET) photo software to look at them and crop, adjust exposure if needed, and print the ones I want as photos, as well as convert some into cell phone and ipad 'PHOTO' slide frame shots (set it on the coffee table and let the frame rotate the pix as a slideshow.Use the instructions for your phone or Ipad, pod phone, etc to convert and load them.Don;t replace the originals with the conversions, make spare copies. The same with croping. This is a good time to get rid of the duplicates with eyes closed, etc.6. Open Atube Cathcer and select the video convert tab. use the browser that opens to find and load the videos that Kodak says are .mp4 (they bomb on most devices). No need to include the .THM sound file, Atube takes care of it automatically. Save as .mp4 to a tmeprary folder, then replace the cameras .mp4 and .thm files with the good ones you made.7. Open Windows movie maker software and select all the files now in the folder that will be used to make the movie. (click on the first file and the last file while olding donw on the shift key.) Once loaded, they will form a timeline on the right side of the screen. select all using the same shift key click technique and go to the edit tab and set the slide time from the default 7 seconds to a more reasonable 3 seconds. While you are at it, go to the Project tab and indicate that the movie format size is 16:9. Now save the project settings to date by creating a project file (.wlpm) in the workng folder. Save the project info ever few minutes- it is like using a word processor- if you get to far ahead, it tends to start crashing, and you have to dedo everything that was not yet saved. The software is well behaved if you do these regular saves.8. Edit the video protions (trim out bad parts) by manually dragging the cursor along the .mp4 you are editing. (the play function requires at least a fast dual core, graphic card, and lots of memory to work well, but the manual drag is great, and gives better control than playing does.9. Drag pix and movie clips to new locations, add titles etc. If you want sound with the jpegs, use the atube catcher mp3 download button to open mp3 dwonloader and type in the name of a song, artist or topic. You will get great stuff to preview and download to the working folder. Save it at 320 bit rate for high sound quallity and set the timeline cursor where you want the music to start and add the music at the 'current point'. Set the cursor on the last frame you want the music for and set audio to fast fade. You can then start a new song at that point by adding at current point.10.Play the slide portions manually to see how the random Ken burns effects look. Most will be fine, but stop the preview and change the type of animation for any pix that seems to have people walking backword or is reading the sign in the window from right to left, etc.11, Under File, Make the movie as an 1080p HD.12. .wmv is not supported by apple, and some of your friends will be using apple, so open atube catcher again and use the video converter tab to select the .wmv as the input and output it to the same filder as .mp4. If you made the .wmv movie 16:9, the frame size will auto correct for different jpg (4:3) and .mp4 (16:9) players, and you will not get lots of fat people and long cars, in the slide parts, and the movies will be great too.12. Now for free distribution to your friends. You tube will let you set up a private video, and Phanfare will cover you for $100 per year, but most cloud services limit file size, and these movies are BIG. I like CX>COm it is easy to sgn up and use the 10 gig free account, and it will keep track of friends in goups and send them a link when you post a new file or folder. Best of all, individual file sizes and types are unlimited, and they have an app to make it easy for friends with ipads, etc to view the files in stunning sharpness. If you have more than one email account, you can open more than one CX.COM ccount, and use each one you different things. (keep that set of girlfreind1 pix away from girlfreind2). The email invitatins they get come from the specific account set up with that email.That is enough to get you making and sharing really good videos. There is a lot more, but this should help get first time success without any major frustration.