Man, is this camera slow! All of the other reviews were correct about picture quality, zoom, etc. It is really an amazing piece of work...on paper....high MP, great zoom, RAW mode 1080P video. It looks like a home run...until you start to use it in real life, then the slowness of the processor takes it toll on your nerves. It is completely unacceptable in my opinion and really makes the camera frustrating and hard to use.Realistically, the time between shots can be as long as 15 seconds. Seriously, 15 seconds!! You focus, bracket, shoot and then nothing. You try to half press the shutter to focus on the next shot but nothing happens...you stare at the screen to see what the problem is and repeatedly press the shutter...and nothing....you press the shutter a couple of more times and nothing....then the processor catches up and....bango...it takes a picture because you had pressed the shutter 5 seconds ago!!!....then the same delay starts all over again and the camera is effectively locked out while the processor tries to catch up. It is maddening. I missed dozens and dozens of shots because the camera would not shoot (I was using a Class 10 SDHC card).Heaven forbid you use the 'burst' mode...after you fire off 4 or 5 shots, the camera processor is overwhelmed for a good 30 seconds while it tries to process the images and you can use it for anything. If you get the rhythm of the camera, you can shoot one picture and immediately half press the shutter and get your frame in focus and bang off another shot, but that is about all the buffer can take, and you will wait approximately 15-20 seconds before you can take another picture.The picture and video quality is pretty good to excellent, hence the 2 stars - but the processor lag is really a joke and makes the camera almost unusable unless you shoot a bunch of non-moving subjects or people with a lot of patience. My cell phone can take a dozen pictures in the time it takes the Kodak to take two.I clearly see why the price is where it is. It's going back for any kind or refund. Im sticking  with Canon or Nikon.