First off, let me tell you that there's no one on earth that's as technically challenged as I am.  I had to call customer service because I could not close the battery compartment.  I figured it out by the end of the call - you have to keep pressing down very firmly as you wiggle the compartment back and forth.  What the customer service gentleman said was move it over to the right, then while pressing down - move it back to the left.  However, my husband does not have nearly as much trouble with it as I do so we have designated him the battery changer.  Used 4 kirkland brand batteries while charging the original Kodak camera.  I took about 50 pics and three very short videos and those batteries were dead.  Despite the battery compartment and maybe batteries dying a little prematurely - I still love this camera!  The pictures I took with it at the Wild Animal Park were clear and crisp on the smart capture mode (everything automatic).  I am just a beginner with a camera, so I was very pleased with the results!  I printed about 30 pages of the manual - that is all a beginner will need and I love the borders you can put on the pics and the different kodachrome modes!  The software - I got extremely frustrated while installing it because I did not realize that it would take several hours for the pictures to find their way to facebook - and subsequently thought that feature did not work.  One thing I did notice is that when you are using the software there is also an email button on the toolbar.  We tried to use this and it kept saying the Kodak server was busy, so I do not know if it was a one-time thing or not.  I have still not figured out how to lower the pixels on a group of photos, we had to do it one by one and place them on the desktop in order to attach to an email so if anyone knows an easier way please tell me.  I do not have that function within my email as far as I can tell.  The camera is the perfect size for a good camera.  Not too big and not too small.  As others have said it has a nice 'heft' to it.  My husband likes it too.  I had purchased an expensive Sony SLR and returned it the next day because I was just overwhelmed with it.  This is a great little camera for a beginner based on the pricetag.  I also purchased a warranty rated highly on amazon.  I bought this camera for a trip to Italy and now I can not wait.  I spent about 2 or 3 hours with the manual and the camera and I feel fully confident with the burst mode, and the tools.  Need more practice, but I can already tell that the quality of the pictures is going to be great.  I am so glad I did not spend the $25 on  didigital cameras for dummies, senior edition'.  Have not viewed the videos i took yet because i accidently erased them.  I received the camera in the promised 2-day time frame.  Oh, by the way, the other people were right.  The camera strap is horrible.  I will have to buy another one, but even with that and the warranty it will be about 1/4 of what I was planning to spend.UPDATE:  5/29/2012 -  Purchased a CaseLogic DCB-304 High/Fixed Zoom camera case for this camera and it fits perfectly!  Like a glove.  Buy it!