Got this camera over the holidays, and I have to say that everything good that has been said about it is true. Powerful zoom, powerful image stabilization that goes along with it and allows you to easily snap 30x shots freehand (albeit more blurry than wide angle shots but that's inevitable), fully auto and fully manual exposure, focus, and aperture, loads and loads and loads of features that you did normally expect on a DSLR. Image quality is great (there is some very fine grain, however, but it has that 'actual photo' feel to it rather than the square JPEG-y stuff or color noise common with digital cams), and with all the features you can get great shots in any situation. I have been able to resolve individual cells on flower petals in super macro, take superzoom shots of details you did need a telescope to see, and take nighttime photos that look like daylight. In short, you can definitely push the limits with this camera.Of course, everything comes at a cost, and here the main cost is speed (and battery life, but more on that later). It's certainly not the best camera for capturing extremely spontaneous/unexpected moments, but 98% of the time this has not been an issue for me. Actually my camera does something odd and I do not know if this is a common problem, but it gets progressively slower the more full the card is (reaching downright unbearable levels on a full card). I do not know why this happens, or if it can be fixed with a faster card. Frequent image dumping to the computer keeps this issue to a minimum for me. Anyhow, on an empty card I find the camera's speed perfectly acceptable. Keep in mind you can press the shutter button to get right back to shooting after taking a pic.As for layout design, it works pretty well for the most part. I love the quick access to options by using the slider wheel. The one thing I have a gripe with is that you cannot access focus modes directly but have to cycle through them. This would not be so bad were it not for the fact that every time you pass 'super macro' you have to wait for the lens to reach its preset zoom level, and then wait again for it to go back to the previous zoom once you leave that mode. This can make going from macro all the way back to auto a bit of a pain. I am very puzzled as to why the focus was not placed as one on the scroll wheel options.Now as for the batteries. Yeah, it is a fairly big camera with serious features; do not expect it to run on mist. I am very confused about people's comments bashing the choice of AA batteries versus bulit-in, however. Lithium ion is not gonna get you that much farther per charge than NiMH will, but if you are out somewhere where there is no electricity and you run out of juice in that one battery, you are *DONE*. On the other hand, you can carry an arbitrarily large arsenal of AA batteries with you, reload, and keep shooting. If you are into the whole hiking and nature photography thing, you most definitely do not want an irreplaceable battery. I also did not notice it chewing through a set THAT quickly; I guess it depends on flash use, which I almost never do.If you are a shutterbug who just wants a camera that you can whip out and snap shots and put away, which works with no fussing or any effort to understand its functioning, this camera is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you are serious about taking good pictures but do not want a serious price tag, this is definitely the best or one of the best cameras for you. If you are the type who can handle technology with a few small quirks rather than flipping out at them, if you do not mind taking the time to understand how everything works, this camera will be a formidable tool in your hands.