My experience is mostly with a pentax k1000 35mm in high school. Once a year I use a very nice digimax? 8x zoom which has always worked well. But the vast majority of my experience is with an SLR that uses real film. I even did my own developing and printing.This camera is a good 'bridge' camera. It's Not a DSLR, it is a digital, and it comes with some slr like settings. what I tested: ISO, shutter speed, aperture, and zoom- just like in college. Test your camera, know what it can/can not do. I also tested the automatic settings. The lighting (outside, near dusk) was crappy. But it performed very well.I used some color printouts from our corporate printer (for printer calibration). I took pictures of the color palettes using different settings. depending on the settings the colors do shift a little bit. But not enough to be objectionable. However, if you go out and take pics looking for perfect, you will want to familiarize yourself with how to use the settings. if you are a baby about that, get a point and click. It's pretty good camera when you know what settings you might need to make a better picture. Which is probably the difference between an amateur and a novice.You can just set it to Automatic or HDR mode, maybe change a setting, and do just fine but may have the occasional so so pic. That's not the camera's fault, it is the photographers. What I did not try- macro/supermacro, video.You will need a class 10 sdhc card. Your memory needs to be fast if you want it to take fast pics. The screen only has to display whatever is going on. Rendering it, letting the camera do its fancy processing, will take time and if your memory card is a dinky pos then it is going to make the camera seem ssssllllloooooowwwww. Pay extra for a fast card. If it is still too slow, change the MP setting.I also searched flickr for camera shots from the same camera model, and also checked out youtube videos from the same camera model. They all seem to be pretty good samples. Spend a little time getting to know the camera, you will take great pictures. Oh the zoom is awesome. I live by a small lake. I could not see the house clearly Across the lake. With the camera I could get their front door in most of the frame. That far away it gets grainy and jumps, a small movement by me obviously makes the subject swing about wildly. So you have to be steady. But the same is true with an slr telephoto.I went to frys and a few other stores. I tried similar cameras that were up to twice the price. some performed a little better but I do not think they had the variety of options. If you want to spend double, might as well spend even more and get a dslr. But for the price, I am happy.Update: I have taken it to a few clubs. Sometimes the flash does not automatically pop-up, and you can not do it manually- unless you want a broken flash.  I think that if you open the battery cover for a moment or two, then close it, the flash will pop-up. Not sure why. It's not a bother so far. I think it has to do with the batteries. Fresh new batteries do not seem to have that issue. The battery charger light also does not turn off, despite what the manual says. BTW, club pictures (or bad lighting) come out much better if you set it to manual and adjust the settings properly. Probably why people give it low reviews in bad lighting. Know your settings, get better pictures.