I could not wait to get this camera as I absolutely believe in the Kodak Easy share products.  I hesitantly purchased this one because of the battery requirements but thought that I had such good luck with the EASY Share cameras in the past - how could I go wrong!  I bought this for a trip that I was taking to Italy and also purchased a battery converter for over there.  The camera is/was a complete disappointment. The first issue was when you first turn the camera on (insert new batteries or memory card) the camera is 'processing' (which is clearly stated on the screen for what seems like 3 or 4 minutes - it takes a good deal of time for it to ready itself for action which was completely aggravating!) The battery life was horrible (and still continues to be and I bought two extra sets of batteries (from Kodak) - these far outcry the double battery pack that was needed for my Z1015.) There is a huge delay after taking a shot when the battery starts to wain and so taking repeated shots was virtually impossible at that point!The extended zoom was nice except when you really wanted it to zoom in, the shot would completely blurr so you had to back way off of it and then take the pic.  I bounced between all of the settings (landscape, flower, sunset, bright light, night landscape) and the others - but this camera just did not cut it.  Having the extra zoom capacity ruined this Easy Share camera - Kodak should have stuck with the trend they were on and kept the batteries the same - the 4 AA batteries needed just are not cutting it and to recharge is/was a real inconvenience!I wish I could say something better as I was really looking forward to the added zoom benefit - but this camera is not worth what I paid for it and I would caution anyone else that is considering purchasing this camera to look elsewhere ...in all honesty I am hoping that I just got a lemon!I am now looking for a new camera because I just got back from my trip and found that I cannot return it because it can only be returned  within a month's time frame and I have had the camera for 5 weeks!  Looks like this one will be going on craigslist or ebay.