I bought this on sale to replace my Z812, which had started to lose its time and date when changing batteries.  Looks like everybody is dumping the Kodak cameras with the bankruptcy announcement, you can get some good deals.  I look at all point & shoot cameras as being disposable anyway.  This one has a very long zoom lens, not really usable unless you can keep it absolutely steady.  I have gotten some good bluebird pix of the birds on the birdhouse from all the way across the yard.  The main reason I bought this camera was the lens, which focuses much closer than my old camera, although I wish it had a manual focus option, autofocus not always accurate, common to all digital cameras. Battery life is much better than my Z812, probably because it uses 4 pencells instead of two, rechargable cells and charger included with the camera.  Pencells are a big advantage for me, in case your battery goes dead you can get pencells anywhere.  The new 'precharged' cells are much better than old rechargeables, which went dead in two weeks with no use.  Connection to your USB port is a little funny, lens cap has to be off or it gives you an error message.  I like the old Z-812 better which pops the lens cap off for you.  I did not use any of the included software, just not needed for my use.  I like the free XNVIEW for photo management and editing instead of Kodak's product.  As is usual these days, you have to download the REAL manual from Kodak, the slim included booklet is almost no use.  But only sissies read the manual anyway, just play with it until you figure it out.  Low light performance is better than any other camera I have had, only need the flash to fill in faces on a sunny day.  I like the feature that allows you to turn flash on or off with a convenient button, no fishing thru the menu.  And it comes with an electronic viewfinder, not the best in the world, but so many cameras do not have one anymore, forcing you to use the LCD which is pretty useless in bright sunlight.  In all, very much worth the $176 and good Amazon service....