Years ago I bought a little 2MP 3X Zoom digital camera. It was a Kodak and it took great pictures. Several years after that I won a Kodak Z650 in an online contest and flat out loved the pictures it took. So when the stars aligned and Amazon had the Kodak Z990 on sale and my gift card balance was enough to afford it I jumped at the opportunity.I really LIKE the Kodak Z990 and I am sad that it will probably be the last Kodak camera I ever buy...I LIKE this camera... I almost love this camera. While my Z650 almost never came out of Auto mode I find myself accessing the PASM controls and bracketing the exposure compensation when I use this camera.It is not that the Z990 does not take great pictures. It does. It just takes a little work to get them.The camera is hefty, weighing in at 1 LB. 5 OZ. (593g) and feels substantial. To me it feels like what a camera should. The gripping areas on the front handgrip and rear thumb rest are lightly rubberized and the non-movable ring on the lens has a sturdy ribbed rubber covering.The controls are reasonably easy to access and use. I like that you can use either the 5-way controller (similar to a Kindle's) or the clickable toggle wheel next to the thumb rest to access and control many of the camera settings. I like having the zoom controls on a ring around the shutter button. It feels easier to use than those cameras that have this control on the back. It also requires a very light touch as with 30x total optical zoom the lens and controls are very sensitive. At first you will find yourself zooming or going wide-angle past the point you wanted but with a little practice it becomes much easier to control.The Z990 uses AA batteries (4) which, personally, I think is great. You can, in a pinch, get replacements at any convenience store, gas station or mega-mart in the US. It also comes with a serviceable if feature free slow battery charger and four Kodak brand rechargeable NiMH batteries. I have since replaced these with a smart charger and better batteries but out of the box they are enough to get you started.Another great addition is the Optical View Finder. This is incredibly handy when shooting outdoors in bright sunlight. The 3' LCD screen is great but in direct sun it, like all LCD screens, becomes almost impossible to see.I have, as of the time of this review, taken a bit over a thousand images and a handful of videos with my Z990 and I have barely scratched the surface of experiencing all the features and functions it has to offer.Some notable features are:Two panoramic image modes. One has the camera stitching two or three images together to produce the image and the other allows you to hold the shutter button and 'sweep' the camera to produce the panoramic image.Multiple Kodak film time emulations - Kodacolor, Kodachrome, Ektachrome, T-MAX, TRI-X as well as standard B&W and Sepia modes.In camera HDR mode.Multiple burst modes.Full 1080p video in stereo.The camera can even emulates a Photo Booth taking four images in quick succession and stitching them together.Nothing being perfect the Z990 has a few cons I feel need to be mentioned:The memory card is stored in the battery compartment and the battery door is one of the few things I worry about breaking on this camera. It is light plastic and not easy to close with batteries installed.To use a USB cable to transfer images from the camera to a computer the camera needs to be powered up requiring removal of the lens cap (because the cap mounts on the body not the lens). I do not like that it needs to sit with the lens exposed for no reason.The lens is not threaded so you cannot use any filters with this camera.Preview mode, where the camera shows you the last image taken, cannot be disabled on this model, you can bypass it somewhat by 1/2 pressing the shutter once the preview displays but it would have been nice to be able to turn off this feature.In conclusion:While the Kodak Z990 Max is not perfect it is an affordable bridge camera that takes excellent pictures day or night with an extremely powerful zoom lens, a host of useful features and controls that can only be topped by DSLR cameras. As Kodak's last hurrah, it is a pretty good note to go out on.