I have used digital cameras since 1998 and currently own 6 or 7 Canon cameras from pocket to semi-pro DSLR (5D), I went off brand to try this Kodak camera because of the phenomenal optical zoom range of 30x, equivalent to over 800mm on a 35mm camera.The camera has the typical small sized sensor of its ilk which creates a tendency to noise at low light levels.  As is increasingly common with newer cameras the Easyshare Max uses a backlight on the sensor to flatten noise, and it works well, but nonetheless if you zoom to the actual pixel level noise is visible even in some well lit shots.  The automatic white balance works very well in a variety of lighting conditions.It does a good job with flash on indoor low light shots, but the stunning performance of this camera at full zoom is amazing and well worth the price for that alone.  A family of hawks have been hanging out on a tall tree outside my house, already on top of a hill, using this camera I got shots of them from inside my house through a dirty plate glass window while the hawks were about 150 feet away. Sample photos @ [...]  The image stabilization feature works very well, the lag time between fully pressing the shutter from a pre-focused state is negligible, usually undetectable.While using this camera it may seem it saves to the SDHC card very slowly, but in fact what it does by default is show the last image until a timeout is reached, this was an opportunity for improvement never taken.  Just press the shutter button slightly when you think the last image should have been saved and you will find it already was when the camera immediately reverts to showing you the current view through the lens.I very much like the electronic viewfinder on this camera.  I use it instead of the LCD panel and suspect that has contributed to the battery life being so good, easily over 200 photos.Many of the images from this camera seem quite soft on focus, no doubt in part because of the agressive noise reduction in the firmware, they benefit from sharpening in post production.My camera came from Amazon with an included Kodak NiMH AA charger and a set of 4 Kodak NiMH batteries.**See edit below** I (originally) gave this camera 4 stars, I am glad I did not let this bargain slip by.EDITED LATERAfter using this camera more I find that there is clearly visible noise even in very bright scenes.  I have reduced my rating to two stars because this is completely unlike other cameras I have used.  Since buying this camera I obtained a very similar Canon model SX-40, the difference in image quality is like night and day.