My wife and I purchased this Z990 camera after our last camera (a Kodak Z1012is) started malfunctioning.  We loved our last Kodak- but this one really shows that Kodak's design and quality has taken a turn for the worse.First- most of the adjustments for this camera are needlessly complex.  Rather than having physical buttons or easy electronic menus for quick setting changes- this camera forces you to scroll through several electronic setting menus just to make simple changes.  Extremely annoying when you just want to change from one setting to another in a hurry.Secondly- this thing is a beast.  It's absolutely huge and heavy.  While on some cameras this gives an impression of quality- on this one it is just annoying.Third- Lastly and most importantly- no matter what setting this camera is using- it has a delay that is simply inexcusable.  If the camera does not sense that something is in perfect focus- it will not let you take the picture until after the camera senses that your subject is in perfect focus.  On most cameras- this is handy- it takes a half a second.  On this camera, both my wife and I grew tired of waiting for the camera- usually for 5 or 6 seconds.  (other times it would take pictures immediately).  In addition, there is often a three-to-five second delay between when you attempt to zoom in/out and when the camera actually does it.  It makes it extremely tough to focus quickly on anything.  We have spoke to Kodak (surprising considering they are filing for bankruptcy) and they indicate that what we are describing is completely normal for this model camera.  They are very sorry that we are unhappy, but refuse to perform any warranty work on it as they deem it to be functioning normally.  (Which is strange, because most of the other comments mention nothing of this problem- so it causes me to believe that the camera is not functioning properly)  A last comment regarding this issue- I am someone that is extremely comfortable using technology, so this is not user error.My wife and I purchased this camera to take pictures of our newborn.  Unfortunately, because of the delay problems, we simply can not get the pictures we want- as by the time we grab the camera, get it to focus properly, and then get the camera to actually take the picture- the baby stopped smiling, or stopped doing whatever it was that made you want to take the picture in the first place.Luckily, Amazon's customer service is awesome.  They were absolutely wonderful in terms of allowing me to return my camera.  This specific product stinks, but Amazon.com's customer service is first-rate.