This camera is packed with features, but the one concern that I am wrestling with is picture-taking speed.  The camera is slow and that makes for a lot of frustration when you are asking people to pose for more than one photo or when you want that perfect shot as you are walking down the streets of New York City.  I have a Class 10 card.  One recommendation is to reduce the megapixels.  I will give this a try.That said, this camera takes incredibly bright interior photos with wonderful clarity.The zoom works fairly seamlessly and it is an amazing value to get 30x digital zoom on a camera for less than $200.I tried the fast burst mode and the camera froze up.  I had to give up on it.  It may have also been due to the fact that the batteries were getting low.Regarding the battery life - I bought the bundle for $26.95 that was offered by Butterfly Photo. It included a Vivitar charger and 4 VPower batteries.  With this combination, the camera has impressive battery life.  I walked around NYC and turned the camera on and off hundreds of times.  I then viewed the photos on the camera on the bus ride home.  Two days later I was still able to take pictures.  So no complaints about battery life with these batteries.More updates to follow.  It is not a fair comparison when stacked up against a Canon EOS Rebel T2i.  The Canon comes with a 3x optical zoom lens and retails for around $650 and has impressive picture-taking speed.  The Kodak lumbers along, but offers a 30x optical zoom and decent picture quality.I will provide some photo samples at a later date.I am going to figure out how to make this camera perform!March 27, 2012 Update:This camera is definitely a mixed bag.  I used the 'Stage' setting option and it worked great for zooming in on people on stage in low light, but whited out the people on stage in my photos of the entire stage.  The video option of singing performers was also excellent, but it takes a lot of memory since it is HD.  The camera definitely works in low lighting, but is better in zoom mode for some reason. I got some fairly clear close ups.The camera is also very slow, so you do not really have the opportunity to capture all the action.  That said, with the noise turned off, it is completely silent unlike digital slrs, so you will not be bothering anyone if you make sure that the flash and the beeping sound is turned off.I also have no complaints with the battery life. It is perfectly respectable.  I took photos on and off for almost an entire 2 hour show (I left camera on in between photos) and the batteries were still okay at the end of the show. On one trip, however, the camera froze and I was worried that the camera was broken, but this was not the case.  The batteries had died and the camera was stuck in 'on' mode, but I could not turn it off or do anything.  That was a little frustrating.  I would not recommend that you let this happen if can figure out when the batteries are getting close to dead.  I am using Vivitar VPower 2100mAh rechargeables.  I think that they came with the Butterfly Photo kit for the camera that was about $24 - a deal!It should be noted that I had the camera freeze up on many several times after using the zoom lens for a few minutes and zooming in and out.  See my update below. It only gets worse...July - August 2012Well, after using this camera around ten times or less, the camera started to malfunction.  It continually beeped and a blue screen came on stating that the lens cap was on - when of course it was not. I tried turning off the camera, removing the batteries, etc. but no luck.  This same message came up repeatedly.  Finally I packed up the camera and brought it back to Best Buy. I had purchased it online and opted for the extended warranty.  Several weeks later I received a call that the camera was not repairable, so I could come in and pick out a comparable camera or get a prorated gift card.  So there you have it.  A camera that is less than 9 months old and not repairable.  I will be heading to Best Buy soon to see what I can get in replacement.  Good Luck with this camera and hope this does not happen to you.  This camera produces some gorgeous photos - at least I have seen many from a friend who has had great results.  Sadly, I can not say the same.