I bought this camera because the spec sheet was amazing. This camera does everything and anything that a camera of its class can do, supposedly, but it does fall behind in some areas.Features:This camera has all the features you could ever ask for. 12 MP is more than you will ever need, despite the manufacturers trying to trick you into buying more megapixels. The 1080p video is also great and a variety of image modes are available. The lens is also relatively good for a bridge camera, going all the way down to 2.8 aperture. The ISO range is big and the 3' screen is nice a bright. Also, you get a TON of zoom. Of course, you do not need me to repeat the features list all over again in this review, but what I am going for is that the camera has a lot of features for it is price.Build quality:Despite being of plastic construction, the camera feels really solid. This camera is better than pentax, fujifilm, GE or coolpix. It's heavy, but not heavy in the way that it makes you not want to carry it anywhere, heavy in the way that it makes you feel like if you dropped it, nothing would happen to it.Image quality:Image quality is great in most situations. At night your images are very grainy, but that is to be expected from a camera with a small sensor size such as this one. During the day images are fantastic and very vivid. The only problem that I have had is with reds. The reds are way too saturated and you lose all detail, which is sort of a deal-breaker.Video quality:Video quality is good. Nothing special, just good.Performance:This is the area in which the camera really falls behind. This camera is just plain SLOW. You push a button and have to wait a minute for anything to happen. Now, I have to say that it does work well sometimes, but most of the time it is highly unresponsive. This is a problem because it leads to a loss of so many good shots. I was trying to take some photos at a soccer game and missed so many good shots because the camera would just wait 10 seconds after I pressed the shutter button. Even thought the camera has great features, you can not really use them because it is so unresponsive.Overall:I returned this camera a few days after I got it just because of the performance issues. It defeats the purpose of a camera if you can not capture the moments that you want to in the way that you want to. I would not recommend purchasing this camera solely because of the performance issues.