I bought this camera a while ago to replace one I had previously returned (look up my other review if you are curious about which model that one was). Initially, I was very pleased with it. Right out of the box, it performed admirably, taking great pics. That said:***DISCLAIMER** I do not consider myself an avid/experienced/knowledgeable photographer. What constitutes a 'good' picture in my opinion may look like crap to a pro or seasoned amateur. YMMVThe Good:The feature set was highly attractive (HDR, panorama, viewfinder- great for sunny days, etc). I found the menu interface functional, if not exactly intuitive. The flash is good, and the LCD screen does not leave much to be desired. Overall, due to its faux SLR body, it feels pretty good in the hands as well. In my limited experience, it has produced quality photos in a myriad of lighting conditions. I also enjoy the freedom of its use of AA batteries, as you do not have to sit around waiting for a battery pack to charge if it gets depleted.The Not-So-Good:The chief complaint I have against this camera is its speed (or lack thereof). I am not referring to shutter speed, but the speed at which it captures photos. It's slow to react to the shutter button, it is slow to write the image to the memory card, and it is slow to return for the next shot.With regard to the initial shutter press, I have tried fooling with AF settings, face detection, flash, and a few others to see if I could get a better response. Nothing seemed to help much. When it comes to writing the photos to the memory card, I diligently ensured that I had nothing slower than a Class 10 SD card (name-brand, at that) on deck. After looking around some camera sites and forums, I discovered that this is a normal aspect of this camera (perhaps one of the concessions made to keep the price point low). Concerning setting the camera up for the next pic, I learned that half-pressing the shutter button would interrupt the standard after-shot-preview and ready the camera for another shot. However, this can be hit-or-miss. I have found that when the camera's busy, it caches your actions and fulfills them later (shutter presses, zooming, menu button presses, etc).The Point:In all reality, were it not for the soul-crushing slowness of this camera, I did be completely and utterly satisfied with it. However, that not-so-insignificant drawback is what has me looking for something else. The final straw came in when, on several occasions, I sought to capture a moment (planned or otherwise), and I simply could not because of how long it would take this thing to fire off a picture. Imagine trying to get a few pictures of kids (whom you know will not sit still for long), and it takes upwards of 10-15 seconds to capture subsequent pictures of a pose or scene. I would often end up having to whip out my phone, which defeats the purpose of having a dedicated camera device. Phone cameras are nice and all, but they can not hold a candle to the real thing.If you are considering purchasing this camera, be very aware of its speed issues. But do not just take my word for it, read plenty of reviews (and not just here on Amazon). I *thought* I had done my homework, but it is apparent that I missed a page or two.