This is one GREAT Camera!! Got my Z990 couple of weeks back and have been totally in awe of its performance. I had a few Canon point/shoots before and  wanted to take this one before i 'graduated' to a DSLR. But after spending over 1000 snaps with this Z990 i do not think i want to go for a DSLR for the next 3-4 years. Will wait for the mirrorless revolution in DSLRs to go evolve further.  This is a wonderful camera and do not think you need to go for a DSLR unless you are serious professional photographer (meaning someone who makes real $ from his pics).You can do pretty much everything with this camera that you want to do with a DSLR without the hassle of lugging a large bag and the array of lenses. My friends have DSLRs (T1 and T4i) but they are amazed at the versatility of this compact package!! Just sharing a few highlights of my experience with this camera:- Great zoom. Yes the zoom was always its plus. however, the optics used make it even more wonderful to capture pictures in its full clarity and use the effects. Good IS but a tripod would make it easier to snap, as with any super zooms.- Color look amazingly natural. I never got this kind of natural colors from my earlier digicams- Lots of options to practice your creative photography. The modes are easy to use and easy to access and they actually WORK!- One of the reviews mentioned that the custom settings are not saved if you change the mode. e.g. exposure settings in program mode. However, it was not true in my case. The custom settings were the same even when i toggled between modes.- The zoom in macro mode is absolutely amazing and you can take really crisp close up shots for objects around 10 feet away and get perfect background fading effect. This is a really versatile feature and you can also use it for some realy close up portrait snaps without actually shoving the camera in subjects face!- Greats presets which are actually tuned to perfection. Like the night landscape mode. Took a snap well past midnight of landscape and these came with dusk kinda light- One of the reviews mentioned they were not able to take snaps with background light and get the silhotte effect as the objects in front came out with details....but i could easily get it in program mode without much of change in settings..except for reducing the exposure.- Great non-flash photography: Though it has a really awesome flash, but this camera gives give superb performance in low light.- Multiple focus options lets you focus on the areas you want to choose and fade the others.. almost a DSLR feature. Along with HDR and RAW capture this comes as close to a DSLR except for the sensor size.- Commendable performance in burst mode thanks to the fast backlit CMOS sensor.- Great full HD videos: Though the focusing while taking videos can be a lil slow, but it does an amazing job for 90% of the time considering its not a full blown camcorder. Snapping while recording video is a really smart option :) lets capture the still images as well while recording the video.Some of the things which could have been improved on this great camera:- They could have put in a bigger processor as the one in the cam right now lets you know its being pushed to the limits very often- Recording speeds are better than what i expected but could be bettered further (though class 10 SD HC may give better results than my class 6 SD HC)- Manual focus would have boosted its ability for really creative snappingOverall i am really really happy with this camera and the bundle i got. (8 rechargeable batteries+ charger + hdmi cable + 8gb class 6 SD HC Card). For this price i would say it one of the best deal and great bargain......and definetly not a CHEAP camera!!Go for it and be the snapper you always wanted to be :)Update: I have uploaded a few snaps which showcase the cameras capability. you can check them out.