The Kodak EasyShare Z990 works great in Auto Mode, but in Manual Mode it feels like you are trying to drive an army tank, in low gear.Using a camera only in Auto Mode - any camera, even if it is a DSLR - is simply using the camera as a glorified 'Point_and_Shoot' camera. That is fine if that is how someone wants to use the camera, but then an honest review of the camera is, 'The Kodak EasyShare Z990 works really well as a point_and_shoot camera.'  Which it does.I have had mine for just over a year now, and though I get it out and use it sometimes - because I enjoy the challenge, I guess - at this point I am about out of patience with it for anything except Auto Mode and the HDR feature.As a 'Bridge' camera - meaning a 'bridge' somewhere between a Point_and_Shoot and a full DSLR - using Manual Mode, no, it does not work quite so well.On any camera, when you are using Manual Mode you have to set three settings - ISO (film speed), Shutter Speed, and Aperture (size of the hole in front of the lens) - just to take your first shot. Every other camera I ever worked with let me change a setting by one or two clicks to create a new setting. Not the Kodak Z990.  It does not remember anything if you start try to make any change to a setting.Some of the default settings in Manual Mode on the Kodak EasyShare Z990 are just plain backwards. If you want to set the ISO, the camera defaults every time to ISO 6400. For daytime shooting you want just the opposite, either an ISO 125 or ISO 200. But the camera always defaults to ISO 6400, and each time you have to click your way all the way down to ISO 125 to set it.  Then suppose you want to try the same shot at ISO 200. Does it remember you are on ISO 125, just one click away? Nope. You click on the ISO icon again and have to start all over again at ISO 6400 and work your way all the way down to ISO 200 and set it - again.Ready to set the next setting, shutter speed?  Same process. You have to start at the fastest shutter speed of 1/2000 sec and click your way all the way down to the one you want.  If you are trying to take a long-exposure night shot say at 16 seconds, then you literally have to run through every other setting to get there.  And some of the menus choices - like starting at a shutter speed of 1/2000 and dropping it down to 16 seconds - are on 3 different pages.  When you get to the end of each page in the menu, you have an extra step.  Question mark, do you want to go to the next page? (Of course) Okay, then click the 'next' arrow, go to the next page of the menu and go through that page in the same way, then click the question mark again, and do it all over again on the third page of the menu.Then suppose after you take that one shot at 16 seconds you decide you want to try another shot with a couple of seconds less shutter speed instead? Does it remember you are on 16 seconds, just one click away?  Nope. You have to start all over at 1/2000 second and repeat the whole process all over again, page after page, until you finally get there.Are you finally ready to set the third setting, Aperture?  Same slow, tedious process each time.  It's a terrible pain to work with.You have to do this every single time you make a single change to one of your settings. Any attempt to make any change throws you all the way back to the original default setting for that feature every single time.Trying to use the Kodak EasyShare Z990 as a Bridge camera in Manual Mode feels like you are trying to drive an army tank, in low gear.5 stars for how well the camera works in Auto Mode. But 1 star for how hard it is to work with - as an actual bridge camera - in Manual Mode.  Since most people here seem to be using it mostly in Auto mode, then I'll give it a 4star rating for use as a point_and_shoot camera - only.  For anything else, I simply would not recommend it, unless you really need to save money, and so it is worth it to you to go through all of that cumbersome process every time you try to use it in the Manual Modes of a standard bridge camera.